Phishing Guidelines




TRIANZ INTERNAL       trianz.com
                      Statement of Confidentiality

  The information contained in this document is internal to Trianz. It shall not be
  disclosed, duplicated, or used for any purpose other than that stated herein, in
  whole or in part, without the express written consent of Trianz.




                         Information Classification


     ☐ Public

     ☒ Internal

     ☐ Confidential

     ☐ Restricted




TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                  2
                            Table of Contents
1.   OVERVIEW                                                          4

2.   PURPOSE                                                           4

3.   TYPES OF PHISHING                                                 5

     3.1 Spear Phishing:                                                   5

     3.2 Whaling:                                                          5

     3.3 CLONE PHISHING                                                    6

     3.4 VISHING AND SMISHING:                                             6

     3.5 PHARMING                                                          6

     3.6 Quishing or QR Phishing                                           6

4.   COMMON PHISHING INDICATORS                                            7

5.   WHAT TO DO IF YOU SUSPECT A PHISHING ATTEMPT                          7

6.   BEST PRACTICES TO PROTECT NETWORK RESOURCES FROM PREVALENT PHISHING
     THREATS:                                                          8




 TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                       3
  1. Overview

      Phishing is a type of cyberattack that uses fraudulent emails, text messages,
      phone calls or websites to trick people into sharing sensitive data,
      downloading malware or otherwise exposing themselves to cybercrime.
      Phishing attacks are a form of social engineering
      Phishing is a deceptive tactic where attackers impersonate legitimate entities
      to steal sensitive information. Recognizing and avoiding phishing attempts is
      crucial to protect personal and organizational data.




  2. Purpose

      Phishing guidelines, are essential for safeguarding both individual and
      organizational security. These guidelines empower employees to recognize
      and respond appropriately to phishing threats, thereby reducing the risk of
      data breaches and financial losses




TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                       4
  3. Types of Phishing

    Common Phishing Attacks:




      3.1    Spear Phishing:
             Spear phishing emails are sent to a select target, which could be an
             individual or organization. For example : A spoofed email from the
             attacker (acting as a vendor) requesting a payment which looks like
             authentic request

             Spear phishing attacks are extremely effective because the attackers
             spend a lot of time studying the victims and the email sent appear to
             come from a trusted source. It is the most common phishing on social
             media websites


      3.2         Whaling:
                      A whaling attack is essentially a spear-phishing attack, but the
                      targets are bigger.

                      Often targets are companies who conduct wire transfers and
                      have suppliers abroad.

                    Cybercriminals impersonate senior managers in companies,
                     asserting their authority and thus gaining access to sensitive data
                     or money.

                  They use the data they find on the internet (and often social media)
                  to trick high-level employees into replying with fraudulent transfers or
                  personal data




TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                          5
      3.3      CLONE PHISHING
          The attacker creates an almost identical replica of a message previously
            received by the victims to make them think it is real.

          The e-mail is sent from an address similar to the legitimate sender. The
            only difference is that the attachment or link in the message is exchanged
            for something malicious. It may claim to be a re-send of the original or an
            updated version to the original


    3.4 VISHING AND SMISHING:
              Vishing and smishing are phishing over the phone.

              In vishing the victim receives a call with a voice message that looks like
              a communication from a known institution. It creates a sense of
              urgency for the user who for this reason provides information, like the
              PIN of a card.

              In smishing malicious text messages are sent to induce users to click on
              a malicious link or to deliver personal information.


    3.5 PHARMING
              Some fraudsters are abandoning the idea of “baiting” their victims.
              Instead, they switched to pharming.

              This phishing method exploits the cache poisoning compared to the
              Domain Name System (DNS), a naming system that the Internet uses to
              convert the alphabetical names of websites into numeric IP addresses
              in a way that can identify and then direct visitors to IT services and
              devices


    3.6 Quishing or QR Phishing
              Quishing, or QR phishing, is a cybersecurity threat where attackers
              use malicious QR codes to deceive individuals into visiting harmful
              websites or downloading malware. When a user scans a QR code, they
              may be redirected to a site designed to steal sensitive information, such


TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                         6
              as passwords or financial data. This method combines the convenience
              of QR codes with traditional phishing tactics, making it a growing
              concern in cybersecurity. All Internet communication is to be logged,
              monitored and audited periodically, for unauthorized access and
              ensuring availability.


4. Common Phishing Indicators
  1.   Generic Greetings: Phishing emails often use impersonal salutations like "Dear
       Customer" instead of addressing you by name.

  2. Urgent or Threatening Language: Messages that create a sense of urgency,
       such as claiming your account will be suspended unless you act immediately,
       are common in phishing attempts.

  3. Suspicious Links or Attachments: Hover over links to check their destination
       URL. Be wary of unexpected attachments, as they may contain malware.

  4. Unusual Sender Email Addresses: Phishers often use email addresses that
       mimic legitimate ones but may have slight variations or misspellings.

  5. Spelling and Grammar Mistakes: Professional organizations typically
       proofread their communications. Frequent errors can be a sign of phishing.




5. What to Do if You Suspect a Phishing Attempt
  •    Do Not Click on Links or Open Attachments: If you suspect an email is
       phishing, avoid interacting with any links or attachments.

  •    Report the Incident: First, do not click on any links within the email or
       download any attachment.

  •    Click on the report message feature in the outlook and report those email as
       phishing. Forward the suspicious email to IS@Trianz.com to examine and
       determine if legitimate.




TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                       7
  •   Please check and report if you are receiving an email internally with the below
      message. This may be spoofed externally but the sender email may look
      genuine like how you receive internally. [Note: All Internal mails are labelled
      with green ribbon and external mails with Red Ribbon]

  •   [EXTERNAL EMAIL] DO NOT CLICK links or attachments or DO NOT reply unless
      you recognize the sender and know the content is safe.**



6. Best practices to protect network resources from prevalent
  phishing threats:
  •   Verify the Source: If you receive an unexpected email, contact the
      organization directly using known contact information to verify its legitimacy.
  •   Be Cautious with Personal Information: Avoid providing sensitive information
      like passwords or credit card numbers in response to unsolicited requests.
  •   Use Security Software: Keep your antivirus and anti-malware software up to
      date to help detect and block phishing attempts.
  •   Educate Yourself and Others: Regularly update your knowledge about
      phishing tactics and share this information with others to raise awareness.
  •   User phishing awareness training: Implement a standard anti-phishing
      training program and require employees to review phishing training material
      annually.
  •   CLEAR program evolution with a training check that certifies that the employee
      has retained all the information outlined in the training program.
  •   Identify network phishing vulnerabilities:
  •   Enable MFA: Activating a strong MFA is the best way that small businesses can
      protect their internet facing business accounts from phishing related threats.
  •   Implement strong password policies to authenticate users. These passwords
      must adhere to a password strength policy which requires minimum
      character length, numbers, special characters, and case sensitivity, along with
      prohibiting users from recycling previously used passwords.
  •   Implement DNS filtering or firewall denylists to block known malicious sites.




TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                         8
  •   Implement anti-virus solutions to mitigate malware and to stop malware
      from executing if a malicious hyperlink or attachment from an email is
      opened.
  •   Implement file restriction policies that prevent malicious high risk file
      extensions e.g., .exe or .scr from being downloaded and executed. These types
      of files are unnecessary for daily operations and should be heavily restricted
      on standard business accounts.
  •   Mandatory Training: All associates mandatorily need to attend training
      conducted by Infosec and IS Team
  •   Simulation Test: All associates need to participate in Simulation Tests enabled
      by IS team
  •   Mandatory Training: All associates mandatorily need to attend training
      conducted by Infosec and IS Team
  •   Simulation Test: All associates are required to participate in simulation tests
      administered by the IS team, which are designed to help them better
      recognize and respond to phishing threats in realistic, hands-on scenarios.




TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                         9
                                   Document Control


   Owner:             Management               Release ID:                  PHIS-GUID-0080
                      Representative




   For Trianz Process Improvement Group (TPIG) Purpose Only

  Version History


   Ver.                                                  Reason for
           Author      Reviewer     Approver    Date                        Change Description
    No.                                                   Change

                       Balu,
          Vijaya                               6-Jun-
   0.1                 Pranesh &                         Initial Review •    None
          Rajeswari                            2025
                       Siva


                       Balu,
          Vijaya                   Srikanth    28-Aug-
   1.0                 Pranesh &                         For Approval   •    Approved and Baselined
          Rajeswari                Mantena     2025
                       Siva




TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                              10
                                Contact Information
                                               Name

                                               Email

                                              Phone




                                  Thank You
                                     infosec@trianz.com




 The content in this document is copyrighted; any unauthorized use – in part or full – may violate the
 copyright, trademark, and other laws. This document may not be modified, reproduced, or publicly
   displayed, performed, or distributed, or used for any public or commercial purposes. The Trianz
 name and its products are subject to trademark and copyright protections, regardless of how and
                                          where referenced.




TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                                      11
