Trianz-Remote-Working-
Cybersecurity Guidelines




TRIANZ INTERNAL            trianz.com
                      Statement of Confidentiality

  The information contained in this document is internal to Trianz. It shall not be
  disclosed, duplicated, or used for any purpose other than that stated herein, in
  whole or in part, without the express written consent of Trianz.




                         Information Classification


     ☐ Public

     ☒ Internal

     ☐ Confidential

     ☐ Restricted




TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                  2
 IMPORTANT:

 Working remotely or working from home you continue to be responsible for
 protection of Trianz’ s, it’s clients, suppliers or other third parties’ confidential and
 sensitive information and are responsible for Trianz’ s devices. Keep the devices,
 infrastructure, and information safe and secure. You continue to be bound by all the
 agreements, policies and declarations signed during your course of employment
 with Trianz, including but not limited to, Confidentiality, IP Assignment Agreement,
 Information Security policy etc. You will comply with client confidentiality
 agreements, Information security, Data Privacy or Data Protection and any other
 policies, documents and requirements as required by client/s from time to time.

 In addition, you agree to adhere to below ‘Remote Working Cybersecurity Guidelines’:

Cybersecurity
 •   Ensure laptops/devices have hardware encryption.
 •   Make sure that shoulder-surfing (someone else looking onto the screen, over the
     shoulder) becomes harder by ensuring no one is standing behind or right next to you,
     especially while working on sensitive information.
 •   Make two factor authentication (2FA) mandatory for remote access of all systems
     and applications, wherever feasible.
 •   Ensure to follow the below mentioned password best practices
     ➢ Do not share passwords with anyone
     ➢ Do not send passwords through emails, etc.
     ➢ Do not store passwords in browsers
     ➢ Use different passwords for different applications wherever required
     ➢ Configure password lockouts and timeouts to avoid password attacks, etc.
 •   Do not open links or documents with Coronavirus information, without validating the
     source of information.
 •   Always protect the confidentiality of information.
 •   Ensure critical updates (patches) to software, firmware etc.
 •   Do not browse websites that are out of scope of work and reach out to is@trianz.com,
     in case of doubt.
 •   Do not use illegal movie websites as they pose a risk of ransomware and malware
     infections.

     TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                         3
 •   Do not lend Trianz systems to children or other members of the family.
 •   Intentionally or accidentally laptop screens must not be part of any pictures taken by
     self or family members.
 •   Do not share full desktop while sharing the screen, and just share the required
     program (like presentation, excel, etc.) unless it is absolutely essential to share the full
     desktop.
 •   Take utmost care to protect Trianz assets from thefts, damages, water spillover, etc.
 •   Ensure all system updates are installed on timely basis.
 Reference: Refer and comply with Information Security Policy in the Bluebook and
Information Security Training on the LMS portal.

Privileged Users
 •   All IT and business privileged users
      o Be cognizant of your security responsibilities while using high privilege access.
      o Refrain from using high privilege logins, unless it is an absolute necessity to do so
        .
      o Report all errors and issues immediately to is@trianz.com, while using high privilege
        access.
Reference: Refer and comply with User Access Control Policy and procedure in the
Bluebook.

Phishing Emails
 •   Immediately report to is@trianz.com, if you have:
      o Accidentally clicked on a suspicious file and or link.
      o Opened a suspicious PDF or Word, excel file with a macro.
      o If any malware/ransomware infection messages are appearing, etc.


Reference: Refer and comply with Phishing Awareness Training on the LMS portal

Online Meetings and Calls
 •   Ensure to keep the microphone on mute when you are not speaking in a conference
     call.
 •   Ensure webcams are not switched on by default.
 •   Do not leave the system unlocked, especially during a call or while moving away from
     the system.
 •   Do not work from coffee shops or public places – especially if you are on confidential

     TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                        4
     calls or working on confidential documents, etc.




Reference: Refer and comply with Work From Home Policy in the Bluebook.

Exceptions
 •   Exception is a condition that is not aligned with formal security expectations
     as defined by the policy, standard, and/or procedure. For e.g. Access to specific sites,
     installing a new software etc.
 •   All exceptions should be routed through is@trianz.com.
 •   All risks arising out of the exception should be thoroughly analyzed.


Reference: Refer and comply with Exception Handling Policy in the Bluebook.

Privacy
 •   Protecting the privacy of our associates, clients, etc. is our primary responsibility.
 •   All online activities could be monitored for potential breach of various IT, Security and
     Privacy regulations.
 •   Do not share personal information via email or store personal information in non-
     approved locations.
 •   Obtain necessary consent if you are recording a video or an audio call of the
     participant.
Reference: Refer and comply with Data Protection Policy in the Bluebook.

Backup
 •   Ensure that all critical documents are backed up regularly onto the approved backup
     locations.
 •   Do not use any un-approved external cloud storage services for backup, etc.
 •   Please reach out to is@trianz.com for any cloud storage or cloud service related
     issues.
Reference: Refer and comply with Backup and Restoration Policy and procedure.

Cyber-attack & Incident Response




     TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                          5
 •   Be alert for phishing emails and other attempts to compromise/steal account details.
 •   Report phishing emails and malicious activity, if any, to is@trianz.com.
 •   Double-check before acting on any critical or non-BAU (Business as Usual) directions
     from managers etc. and preferably use out of band (such as phone calls etc.)
     communication to reconfirm the actions to be performed.
 •   Always keep the copies of Policy, Procedure and SOPs ready for quick reference and
     reach out to the concerned stakeholders when in doubt.
 •   Please make sure to report any technical errors, configurations mistakes etc.
     immediately to is@trianz.com so that appropriate remedial actions can be initiated
     and contain any unwanted repercussions.
Reference: Refer and comply with Anti-Malware Policy and Incident Management
Policy and procedure in the Bluebook.




     TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                 6
                                  Document Reference
                           Management
Owner:                                                     Release ID:        RWCS-GUID-0073
                           Representative




          For Trianz Process Improvement Group (TPIG) Purpose Only

                                  Version History


                                                                 Reason for
  Version     Author    Reviewer      Approver      Date                          Change Description
                                                                  Change
                         Balu &                   27-Mar-      Initial
   0.01       Karthik                                                          None
                         Anitha                     2020       Version
                                                                               Review feedback
                         Balu &        Phani      27-Mar-
   1.00       Karthik                                          Approved        incorporated and
                         Anitha       Krishna       2020
                                                                               baseline
                         Balu &                   28-Apr-                      Incorporated changes
    1.1       Karthik                                          Review
                         Anitha                     2020                       suggested by Latha
                                                               Updated
                                                               document
                         Balu &        Phani      28-Apr-
   2.0        Karthik                                          reviewed        Reviewed and Approved
                         Anitha       Krishna       2020
                                                               and
                                                               approved
                                                                               Updated with new
                                                  24-Dec-
   2.1        Sanjana   Balu Nair                              For Review      information
                                                     21
                                                                               classification
                                                  24-Dec-
   3.0        Sanjana   Balu Nair      Siva N                  For Approval    Approved and Baselined
                                                     21

                                                  12-Aug-                      Reviewed with no
   3.0        Sanjana   Balu Nair     Balu Nair                For review
                                                     22                        changes

                                                  12-May-                      Reviewed with no
   3.0        Shalini   Balu Nair     Balu Nair                For Review
                                                     23                        changes

                                                  8th June                     Reviewed with no
   3.0        Aishee     Vijaya
                                                     24                        changes


TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                                 7
                                            28-May-                  Migrated to New
   3.1        Kruti   Vijaya                          For Review
                                              25                     Template

                                            29-May-
   4.0        Kruti   Vijaya   Srikanth M             For Approval   Approved and Baselined
                                              25




TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                    8
                                Contact Information
                                               Name

                                               Email

                                              Phone




                                  Thank You
                                     infosec@trianz.com




 The content in this document is copyrighted; any unauthorized use – in part or full – may violate the
 copyright, trademark, and other laws. This document may not be modified, reproduced, or publicly
   displayed, performed, or distributed, or used for any public or commercial purposes. The Trianz
 name and its products are subject to trademark and copyright protections, regardless of how and
                                          where referenced.


TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                                      9
