SHARED SECURITY RESPONSIBIILTY
MODEL POLICY

TRIANZ INTERNAL

trianz.com

Statement of Confidentiality
The information contained in this document is internal to Trianz. It shall not be
disclosed, duplicated, or used for any purpose other than that stated herein, in
whole or in part, without the express written consent of Trianz.

Information Classification
☐ Public
☒ Internal
☐ Confidential
☐ Restricted

TRIANZ INTERNAL

2

Table of Contents
1.

PURPOSE

4

2.

OBJECTIVES

4

3.

SCOPE

4

4.

POLICY STATEMENT

4

4.1 Cloud Shared Responsibilities – Provider vs Customer:

4

4.2 Responsibility:

5

4.2.1

Security & Compliance Accountability:

5

4.2.2

Data Classification & Management:

6

4.2.3

Client & End-point protection:

6

4.2.4

Identity & Access Management:

7

4.2.5

Application-Level Controls:

7

4.2.6

Network Control:

8

4.2.7

Host Infrastructure:

8

4.2.8

Physical Security:

9

4.3 Provider Responsibility:

9

4.4 Customer Responsibility:

11

5.

ROLES & RESPONSIBILITIES

11

6.

APPLICABLE STANDARDS

12

7.

EXCEPTION(S)

12

8.

ANNEXURE – CSP & CSC RESPONSIBILITIES TEMPLATE

12

9.

ISO CONTROL MAPPING

12

TRIANZ INTERNAL

3

1. Purpose
The purpose of this policy is to provide security and compliance responsibilities shared
between the Service Provider and the Customer when hosted in the Cloud along with
the supply chain partner’s management.

2. Objectives
The objective of Shared Security Responsibility Model Policy is to facilitate effective
implementation of the security & controls for the different controls for the available
cloud service models.

3. Scope
This policy document covers the Shared Security Responsibility Model in the Cloud
where Trianz act as an CSC or CSP for the different Managed Cloud Service Models.

4. Policy Statement
4.1 Cloud Shared Responsibilities – Provider vs Customer:

• Basic Definitions:
On-Prem – Customer may have a hybrid cloud environment where some of
the equipment are managed on-prem. All the responsibilities of the On-prem
infrastructure are to be owned and handled by the Customer
TRIANZ INTERNAL

4

IaaS – Infrastructure as a Service provides infrastructure (servers and
networking devices/services) and allows customers to install software,
provision virtual servers, containers and control the configuration of all
mentioned
PaaS – Platform as a Service provides computing platform and technical
stack as a service. Customers focus the energy only on build and manage
application. Example: AWS Lambda
SaaS – Software as a Service provides entire infrastructure and the
application. Customer only logs in and uses the Application provided by the
Provider
Identity - Enables the user to define who is with a user id, employee number
etc.,
Authentication - Verifies who the user is based on the enabled credentials
Authorization - Determines what a user can and cannot access
Accountability - Ensures enabling non-repudiation i.e., ensuring the actions
performed by the user is traceable to make him/her accountable
Customer content - Includes but not limited to data, text, image, audio, video,
customer developed software, customer configured machine images,
customer code including infrastructure codes. Customer Account
information managed by the Provider is not classified as Customer Content

4.2 Responsibility:
4.2.1 Security & Compliance Accountability:
• The responsibilities of security and compliance may be delegated but the
Customer is ultimately accountable for the Security & Compliance
irrespective of the Cloud Service Model
• Customer should ascertain all the Shared security responsibilities throughout
the supply chain including the service provider are documented,
implemented, and managed
TRIANZ INTERNAL

5

• The Customer is ultimately accountable for the security and compliance of
the platform

4.2.2 Data Classification & Management:
• Customer is responsible for data is securely identified, labeled, and correctly
classified to meet any compliance obligation in all the Cloud Service Models
• Providers should provide written contracts on how the customer data
security & privacy will be managed in the Cloud
• The Provider’s written commitments should state Provider’s security & privacy
practices, limitations of the Customer data use, and the regulatory
compliance adhered, to showcase evidence of the certifications and audit
reports on demand by the customer
• Customer should ascertain that the cloud provider is consistent with the
above controls periodically and should move away if the cloud provider
cannot address the data protection needs
• IaaS Service Model – Provider capabilities are limited to enable Customer’s
virtual environment can accommodate the data classification capabilities.
Customer’s responsibility is to configure and protect the data that is stored
and configured. Customer should ascertain data classification is enabled at
all layers of the solution.
• PaaS Service Model – Provider capabilities are limited to enable Customer’s
virtual environment & application can accommodate the data classification
capabilities required for the Customer. PaaS providers responsibility will be
limited with authentication and the Customers would need to configure and
handle authorization for the user’s data access
• SaaS Service Model – Provider would need to enable for data protection,
user authentication and user authorization. Customer would be responsible
for configuring the data authorization for the user based on the defined roles.

4.2.3 Client & End-point protection:
• Provider will be responsible for enabling the end-point protection of the cloud
services rendered to its customer on all cloud service models
• Customer will be responsible for ascertaining security of the devices that are
used to connect to the cloud services
•
TRIANZ INTERNAL

6

• Customer to ascertain all the cloud connecting endpoint devices are
hardened, patched, encrypted, and secured with mobile management
solutions which provide remote wipe like services during a theft scenario
• Provider would need to provide services which will facilitate the Mobile
management capabilities at the customer end-point devices and to be
configured suitably by the Customer in SaaS Model.

4.2.4 Identity & Access Management:
• Identity & Access management enables implementation of IAAA – Identity,
• Authentication, Authorization & Accountability security principles on the
cloud platform.
• IaaS Service Model – Provider delivers capabilities for IAM solutions and
Customers must configure and manage the Identity & Access management
controls
• PaaS & SaaS Service Model – IAM Controls are shared responsibility between
Customer and Provider for these service models. The identity provider,
identity services configuration, user roles, user identities configuration,
access control configuration to be considered and implemented for an
effective solution
• Additional security considerations viz., Just in Time (JIT) administrative
access, MultiFactor authentication, role based access control (RBAC)
capabilities availability(Own or third-party applications) and effectiveness
with the provider are to be assessed by the Customer before implementation

4.2.5 Application-Level Controls:
• The application-level controls are to secure the application layer from any
security breaches
• IaaS Service Model – Customer will be responsible for protecting the
application layer deployed on the Virtual machines/Containers to protect the
application from any attacks, breach, or compromises. Customer would
need to deploy skilled administrators who will be able to manage and secure
the application and underlying hosts
• PaaS Service Model – PaaS Service model application controls are shared
responsibility between Customer & Provider. Provider will deliver application
TRIANZ INTERNAL

7

controls with default configurations and the Customer would need to
configure suitably for the security/business needs.
• SaaS Service Model – Application layer security controls are the Provider
responsibility and Provider’s compliance; audit reports can be used by
Customer for evidencing the application layer controls

4.2.6 Network Control:
• Network control enables securing and configuring the inter/intra connectivity
of the platform
• The network of the elements to be secured includes but not limited to Virtual
Machines, Containers, Pods, Virtual networks, perimeter devices, gateways,
Proxies, load balancers, DNS solutions etc.,
• IaaS Service Model – Provider would be responsible for the network security
of the underlying infrastructure provided by the provider across regions,
availability zones etc., Customer will be responsible for the network security of
the devices and services he deployed in the infrastructure instances
managed by him
• PaaS & SaaS Service Model – Network Security control is abstracted from the
customers and provided as part of the service by the Provider. Provider holds
responsibility of the network security control.

4.2.7 Host Infrastructure:
• The host infrastructure security controls include protecting, managing &
securing the compute, storage & platform services.
• Different controls for host infrastructure are OS configuration, hardening,
Patching, Access control management and identity control configurations.
• IaaS Service Model – Host infrastructure security is a shared responsibility
between the Customer and the Provider. Providers will ascertain the host
security is deployed on the underlying hardware for the VMs hosted for the
Customers. Providers take responsibility of the VM freeze in case of any
reboot required for the patches and adheres to the SLA promised to the
Customer. Customer will be responsible for enabling all the host
infrastructure security controls in their instances.
• PaaS & SaaS Service Model – Host infrastructure security control is
abstracted from the customers and owned by the provider.
TRIANZ INTERNAL

8

4.2.8 Physical Security:
• Buildings, facilities where the servers, storage and network equipment are
physically hosted to provide cloud services are to be considered for the
physical security.
• Providers are responsible for defining the policies, procedures and processes
for the physical security of the infrastructure.
• Providers should provide promised uptime by designing/deploying high
availability for Power, HVAC, network connectivity
• Providers to enable the disaster and recovery management for the physical
environment
• Customer to exercise rights as part of the agreement with provider to obtain
audit and compliance certification. These certificates can be presented as
compliance evidence for Customer’s audit standards
• If the compromised key is KEK or a master key from which other keys are
derived, then all keys hierarchically under it must also be revoked and
replaced
• If the compromised key is a working key, then data associated with such key
must be revoked and re-encrypted with new working key in accordance with
the policy
• There must be investigation triggered including Infosec team on any key
compromise followed by root-cause and remediations detailed

4.3 Provider Responsibility:
• All customer content is to be stored only in the geographic location chosen and
provider should not move without explicit permission from the Customer
• Customer should be enabled by the provider to download, delete transfer their
data out of the Provider infrastructure based on customer need
• Customer should be enabled by the provider to encrypt the content with their
own keys
• Provider to provision enabling crypto-delete for customer to delete their content
and Customer encryption keys

TRIANZ INTERNAL

9

• Provider to enable customers for using many security techniques such as
encryption, tokenization to protect the content
Agreements between the provider and the customer to clearly state the approvals
for sharing data for complying to law, binding orders from Government and
regulatory bodies
• Provider should give details about the request reports from law enforcement,
government, regulatory body binding regularly to its customers
• Provider to implement the finalized SSRM with the Customer. Need to document &
test the operation of security control implementations which must include the
interdependencies/integration validation.
• Provider should manage, monitor & audit the service performance as per agreed
SSRM with the Customer.
• Provider should maintain inventory of all the supplier partners in the supply chain
and maintain transparency with the customers on the list
• Provider should ascertain the following are stated in the service agreements with
the Customers:
• Scope, characteristics, and location of business relationship and services offered
• Information Security requirements expected from the Customers (including
SSRM)
• Change management process
• Logging & monitoring capabilities
• Incident management & communication procedures
• Right to audit & third-party assessment available for the customers
• Clauses related to service termination
• Requirements for interoperability and portability
• Data privacy
• Provider should list and ascertain all the policies required for maintaining the CIA
& P of
Provider & Customers are available with the supply chain partners. Minimum
Service Level requirements not exceeding Client SLAs are to be signed with the
Supply chain partners
• Provider should ascertain all the supply chain partners risk factors, IT Governance
policies & procedures are periodically evaluated & updated
• Provider should all ascertain any security certification standards (Ex: ISO 27001,
PCI

TRIANZ INTERNAL

10

DSS) required for the Customers are available and active with the supply chain
partners
• Provider should ascertain all the supply chain partners are security assessed
periodically (Minimum of one assessment per year)

4.4 Customer Responsibility:
•

Customer to state and include the following in the provider and other supply
chain organization agreements:
o Right to audit
o Service termination clause
o Third party security assessments
o Interoperability

&

portability

requirements
o Data privacy requirements
•

To periodically review the supply chain partners including Provider
Governance policies and procedures

•

To periodically conduct security assessments of all organizations including the
provider servicing the customer
To review the agreements with the supply chain organizations including the
provider at least annually

•

To maintain an inventory of the supply chain organizations and the services
rendered.

5. Roles & Responsibilities
Roles

Responsibilities

Project/Platform/Product

Adhere to the SSRM policy based on

Security, Cloud, infra

the

management team

Customer/Provider role for the

Internal/External
Internal

engagement
Product Owner /Project

Validate

the

SSRM

controls

Manager/Operations

implemented as the policy

are Internal

Manager
TRIANZ INTERNAL

11

InfoSec & Compliance

Validate the SSRM Process &

Team

responsibilities are adhered as per the

Internal

policy

6. Applicable Standards
• NIST.SP.500-322
• NIST.SP.500-292
• PCI DSS Cloud Computing Guidelines

7. Exception(s)
There is no exception to this policy

8. Annexure – CSP & CSC Responsibilities Template
Responsibility/Area Tools

CSP Control

CSC Control

IAM

KeyCloack

Yes

Encryption at rest

Hashicorp

No

Yes

Encryption at rest

KMS

Yes

Yes

Shared

Shared

9. ISO Control Mapping
Category of

ISO 27001:2022 Control

Control
Technological
Controls

Document Name as per
ISO 27001:2022

5.23 Information security for use of

Shared Security
Responsibility Model
Policy
from cloud services shall be established
cloud services Control Processes for
acquisition, use, management and exit
in accordance with the organization's
information security requirements.

TRIANZ INTERNAL

12

Document Control
Owner:

CISO

Release ID:

SSRM-POL-01

For Trianz Process Improvement Group (TPIG) Purpose Only
Version History

Ver.
No.

Date

Author

Reviewer

Approver

Reason for

Change

Change

Description

0.1

20th Jun 22

Divya

Balu Nair

Siva N

Initial Version

None

0.2

18th Jul 22

Divya

Balu Nair

Siva N

Amendments

To include

post internal

specific inputs

review

on
Transparency &
Accountability

1.0

11th Aug 22

Divya

Balu Nair

Siva N

Baselined

Approved and
Baselined

1.1

26-April-

Krutidee

Vijaya R

Srikanth M

For Review

2023

pta,

Reviewed with
no changes
Migrated to new
template

Vijaya

Srikanth M

For Approval

Approved and
Baselined

Vijaya

Srikanth

For Review

Mapped with
new ISO control
5.23

Rama
Madhav
an

2.0

2.1

12-May2023

15-Feb-23

TRIANZ INTERNAL

Rama
Madhav
an
Shalini

13

Approved and
Baselined

3.0

23-Feb-23

Shalini

Vijaya

Srikanth

For Approval

3.0

24-Feb-24

Shalini

Vijaya

Srikanth M

For Review

Reviewed with
no changes

Kruti

Vijaya

For Review

Migrated to new

Kruti

Vijaya

3.1

4.0

28-May25
29-May25

TRIANZ INTERNAL

template.
Srikanth M

For Review

Reviewed with
no changes

14

Contact Information
Name
Email
Phone

Thank You
infosec@trianz.com

The content in this document is copyrighted; any unauthorized use – in part or full – may violate the
copyright, trademark, and other laws. This document may not be modified, reproduced, or publicly
displayed, performed, or distributed, or used for any public or commercial purposes. The Trianz
name and its products are subject to trademark and copyright protections, regardless of how and
where referenced.
TRIANZ INTERNAL

15

