DEVEOPMENT SECURITY OPERATIONS
(DEVSECOPS) PROCEDURE




 TRIANZ INTERNAL        trianz.com
                         Statement of Confidentiality

  The information contained in this document is internal to Trianz. It shall not be
  disclosed, duplicated, or used for any purpose other than that stated herein, in
  whole or in part, without the express written consent of Trianz.




                            Information Classification

     ☐ Public

     ☒ Internal

     ☐ Confidential

     ☐ Restricted




TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                  2
                              Table of Contents
1.   INTRODUCTION                                 4

2.   OBJECTIVES                                   4

3.   SCOPE                                        4

4.   PROCESS DESCRIPTION (PROCEDURE)              5

     4.1 Plan                                     5

     4.2 Develop                                  6

     4.3 Build                                    7

     4.4 Test                                     7

     4.5 Release                                  8

     4.6 Deploy and Monitor                       8

5.   EXIT CRITERIA AND OUTPUT                     9

6.   ROLES AND RESPONSIBILITIES                   10

7.   CONCLUSION                                   10

8.   REFERENCES                                   11

9.   ISO CONTROL MAPPING                          12




 TRIANZ INTERNAL                                  3
1. Introduction
  DevSecOps is an organizational software engineering culture and practice that aims at
  unifying software development (Dev), Security (Sec) and operations (Ops). The main
  characteristic of DevSecOps is to automate, monitor, and apply security at all phases
  CI/CD pipeline: plan, develop, build, test, release, deliver, deploy, operate, and monitor. In
  DevSecOps, testing and security are shifted to the left through automated unit,
  functional, integration, and security testing - this is a key DevSecOps differentiator since
  security and functional capabilities are tested and built simultaneously.
  DevSecOps integrates application and infrastructure security seamlessly into Agile and
  DevOps processes and tools. It addresses security issues as they emerge, when they're
  easier, faster, and less expensive to fix (and before they are put into production).
  Additionally, DevSecOps makes application and infrastructure security a shared
  responsibility of development, security, and IT operations teams, rather than the sole
  responsibility of a security silo. It enables “software, safer, sooner”—the DevSecOps
  motto–by automating the delivery of secure software without slowing the software
  development cycle.




2. Objectives
  The objectives of this procedure are to:
     •   Increase secure application deployment - new release can be deployed into the
         production environment securely with the help of security tool automation and
         integration during CI/CD.
     •   Controlled risk characterization, monitoring, and mitigation across the application
         development lifecycle
     •   Reduce mean-time to production securely - the average time it takes from when
         new software features are required until they are running in production.


3. Scope
  The scope includes all internal and applicable vendor applications that are owned,
  operated, maintained, and controlled by Trianz internally and externally either on
  premises or on cloud. DevSecOps also enable organization to bridge the gap between
  developers, security team, and operations team.


   TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                         4
  The organization should monitor real world threats and up-to-date advice and
  information on software vulnerabilities to guide the organization's secure coding
  principles through continual improvement and learning. This can help with ensuring
  effective secure coding practices are implemented to combat the fast-changing threat
  landscape.



4. Process Description (Procedure)
  The goal of DevSecOps is to create an environment where building, testing, and
  deploying software can occur rapidly, frequently, and securely. The DevSecOps software
  lifecycle phases are: plan, develop, build, test, release, deliver, deploy, operate, and
  monitor. Where security is embedded within each phase as illustrated in the below figure.




  Following best practices should be followed for implementing DevSecOps in Trianz
  managed CI/CD environment.


  4.1 Plan
      Secure coding principles should be used both for new developments and in
      reuse scenarios. These principles should be applied to development activities
      both within the organization and for products and services supplied by the
      organization to others. Planning and prerequisites before coding should include

         •   Organization-specific expectations and approved principles for secure
             coding to be used for both in-house and outsourced code developments.




   TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                    5
      •    Common and historical coding practices and defects that lead to
           information security vulnerabilities;
      •    Configuring   development       tools,     such   as   integrated   development
           environments (IDE). to help enforce the creation of secure code
      •    Execute security analysis and create a test plan to determine scenarios for
           where, how, and when testing will be done for the application.
      •    Ensure all security requirements are captured with respect to CIAP
           (confidentiality, integrity, availability, and privacy) and AAA (authentication,
           authorization, and accountability)
      •    Ensure potential threats and mitigations are detected using Threat
           modeling tool during the plan.
      •    Development     team    shall   undergo      application   code     security   and
           compliance training.
      •    Establish acceptance test criteria, user designs, and threat models.
      •    Following guidance of development tools and execution environments as
           applicable:
      •    Maintenance and use of updated development tools (e.g. compilers);
              o   Qualification of developers in writing secure code.
              o   Secure design and architecture, including threat modelling.
              o   Secure coding standards and where relevant mandating their use.
              o   Use of controlled environments for development.


4.2 Develop
   • All the code generated during development must be committed to the source
      code repository and thus version controlled.
   • Deploy linting tools and Git controls to secure passwords and API keys.
   • Any custom code being written should be scanned for possible security
      vulnerabilities during development.
   • Ensure developers are adhering to secure coding practices to ensure
      confidentiality, integrity, and availability.
   • Considerations during coding should include:
          o Secure coding practices specific to the programming languages and
            techniques being used.


TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                            6
       o using secure programming techniques, such as pair programming,
          refactoring, peer review, security iterations and test-driven development.
       o Using structured programming techniques.
       o Documenting code and removing programming defects, which can allow
          information security vulnerabilities to be exploited.
       o Prohibiting the use of insecure design techniques (e.g. the use of hard-
          coded passwords, unapproved code samples and unauthenticated web
          services)


4.3 Build
   • Access to source code and other critical system resources during development,
      testing or production must be limited to authorized personnel as per Access
      Control Policy.
   • While designing & developing the application, incorporate static application
      security testing (SAST) tools (Ex:SonarQube), Dynamic Application Security
      Testing (DAST) tools (Ex: Burpsuite) before deploying to production.
   • Ensure code validation is conducted for the changes that are pushed out of a
      Git repository on a developer's workstation should be scanned using tools like
      Talisman / Git Secret for ensuring no keys are uploaded inadvertently into the
      repository
   • Conduct scanning using tools like Twistlock tool for all the images in the registry,
      which scans images during the build and deploy process, and also continuously
      monitors any vulnerability changes in your running containers and add image
      signature
   • Conduct infrastructure code scan which adds a Build Step for scanning Docker
      images for security vulnerabilities, using the API provided by Aqua Security.
   • The build script should also include targets for running automated unit tests.


4.4 Test
   • Ensure the Controls and remediation against the OWASP top 10 vulnerabilities
      that would be applicable as per technologies are in place.
   • Use dynamic application security testing (DAST) tools like Burpsuite, Aqua
      Enforcer tool to test your application while in runtime. These tools can detect

TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                       7
      errors associated with user authentication, authorization, SQL injection, and API-
      related endpoints.
   • Conduct the VA scan on the application hosted systems, images, virtual
      machines and containers in development using Nessus Tool
   • In addition to system testing, ensure testing includes DAST (Dynamic Analysis
      Security Testing) and IAST (Interactive application security testing) and System
      composition Analysis (SCA) tools (Ex: Snyk, Whitesource) to test the
      vulnerabilities, code-smells, dependencies, use of open source libraries.
   • Testing should be conducted during and after development. Static application
      security testing (SAST) processes can identify security vulnerabilities in
      software. Before software is made operational, the following should be
      evaluated:
       o Attack surface and the principle of least privilege.
       o Conducting an analysis of the most common programming errors and
          documenting that these have been mitigated.


4.5 Release
   • Ensure before releasing the application, employ security analysis tools to
      perform thorough penetration testing and vulnerability scanning.
   • Ensure all the identified gaps and vulnerabilities are remediated and code is
      compliant to security requirement and design.
   • Ensure access restrictions are compliant as per below controls :
       o Restrict the access to the application is only via like user identity specific
          IPs and block the application accessing from public IPs.
       o Application is authenticated via Azure SSO or AD integration with MFA
          enabled.
       o Deploy Web Application Firewall and harden the rules to protection mode.


4.6 Deploy and Monitor
   • After completing all the necessary tests in runtime, send a secure build to
      production for final deployment.
   • Ensure the application is being monitored for any security incidents and alerted.



TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                      8
         • Ensure the security incidents are logged and incident management procedure
            is followed.
         • Ensure conducting application security audits and VAPT scan
         • After code has been made operational:
             o Updates should be securely packaged and deployed.
             o Reported information security vulnerabilities should be handled (see 8B);
             o Errors and suspected attacks should be logged, and logs regularly
                reviewed to make adjustments to the code as necessary.
             o Source code should be protected against unauthorized access and
                tampering (e.g. by using configuration management tools, which typically
                provide features such as access control and version control).
         • If using external tools and libraries, the organization should consider:
             o Ensuring that external libraries are managed (e.g. by maintaining an
                inventory of libraries used and their versions) and regularly updated with
                release cycles.
             o Selection, authorization and reuse of well-vetted components, particularly
                authentication and cryptographic components.
             o License, security and history of external components.
             o Ensuring that software is Unmaintainable, tracked and originates from
                proven, reputable sources.
             o Sufficiently long-term availability of development resources and artefacts.
         • Where a software package needs to be modified the following points should be
            considered:
             o Risk of built-in controls and integrity processes being compromised;
             o Whether to obtain the consent of the vendor;
             o Possibility of obtaining the required changes from the vendor as standard
                program updates;
             o Impact if the organization becomes responsible for the future maintenance
                of the software as a result of changes;
             o Compatibility with other software in use.



5. Exit Criteria and Output
  •     Exit Criteria: All reviews are passed

      TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                  9
  •     Output: Secure application deployed to production


6. Roles and Responsibilities


      Roles                                 Responsibilities                 External/Internal
      Developer           •   Developers are responsible to follow secure    Internal
                              coding guidelines and need to ensure that they
                              do all the quality test


      DevOps              •   To perform risk assessment, threat modeling    Internal
      Engineer/Security       and ensure to hardening the security, after
      Architect               evaluating the identified risk and the build
                              process.
      Internal Apps Team •    To conduct the necessary scans and provide Internal
                              the reports
                          •   To provide all the Internal and external
                              application details related to design,
                              implementation and operation of the Trianz
                              Applications, Client Applications (wherever
                              applicable)
                          •   Remediate the identified vulnerabilities as per
                              the Assurance Report
      IS Operations /     •   Perform Vulnerability scan on Application and Internal
      Devops team             provide reports
      InfoSec Team        •   Conduct the end to end application security    Internal
                              assessment
                          •   Review the VA scan and Code Review report
                          •   Track the closure report
      CIO/CISO            •   Review and approve the final assurance report. Internal




7. Conclusion

  DevSecOps aims for a goal of having security checks and controls applied transparently
  and automatically within a rapid-development automated DevOps pipeline. Shifting



      TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                   10
  security left to start at development makes sure that DevSecOps is effective and it follows
  the journey of service throughout its lifecycle.

  A guiding principle is to ensure security-relevant code is invoked when necessary and is
  tamper resistant. Programs installed from compiled binary code also have these
  properties but only for data held within the application. For interpreted languages, the
  concept only works when the code is executed on a server that is otherwise inaccessible
  by the users and processes that use it, and that its data is held in a similarly protected
  database. For example, the interpreted code can be run on a cloud service where access
  to the code itself requires administrator privileges. Such administrator access should be
  protected by security mechanisms such as just-in-time administration principles and
  strong authentication. If the application owner can access scripts by direct remote
  access to the server, so in principle can an attacker. Webservers should be configured to
  prevent directory browsing in such cases.

  Application code is best designed on the assumption that it is always subject to attack,
  through error or malicious action. In addition, critical applications can be designed to be
  tolerant of internal faults. For example, the output from a complex algorithm can be
  checked to ensure that it lies within safe bounds before the data is used in an application
  such as a safety or financial critical application. The code that performs the boundary
  checks is simple and therefore much easier to prove correctness.

  Some web applications are susceptible to a variety of vulnerabilities that are introduced
  by poor design and coding, such as database injection and cross-site scripting attacks.
  In these attacks, requests can be manipulated to abuse the webserver functionality.



8. References

  DevSecOps: A Complete Guide to What, Why, and How - Plutora

  What is DevSecOps? | IBM

  DevSecOps Implementation Process and Road Map – Security at Every Step -
  DevOps.com



   TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                      11
9. ISO Control Mapping

   Category of        ISO 27001:2022 Control      Document Name
   Control                                        as     per ISO
                                                  27001:2022
      Technological   8.26 Application security   DEV   SEC   OPS
                      requirements      Control   Procedure
                      Information     security
                      requirements   shall be
                      identified, specified and
                      approved             when
                      developing or acquiring
                      applications
      Technological   8.31   Separation    of
                      development, test, and
                      production
                      environments
      Technological   8.33 Test information




   TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                  12
                                       Document Control


Owner:            CISO                         Release ID:          DEVSECOP_PROC_0133

                  For Trianz Process Improvement Group (TPIG) Purpose Only

                                     Version History

                                                              Introduction/R
 Ver.
         Date            Author                               eason for        Change Description
 No.                                  Reviewer     Approver
                                                              Change

 0.1     29- Oct-20      Rajesh B Vijaya           Phani      Initial          Initial Draft
                                      Rajeswari    Krishna    Release

 1.0     30-Oct-20       Rajesh B Vijaya           Phani      Reviewed         Approved and
                                      Rajeswari    Krishna    and              Baselined
                                                              approved

 1.1     3-May-21        Divya        Vijaya       Phani      For Review       Updated with
                                      Rajeswari    Krishna                     new information
                                                                               classification

 2.0     3-May-21        Divya        Vijaya       Phani      For              Approved and
                                      Rajeswari    Krishna    Approval         Baselined

 2.1     3-Jan-22        Karthik N                            For Review       Information
                                                                               classification
                                                                               updated from
                                                                               “Trianz
                                                                               Confidential” to
                                                                               “Trianz Internal”

 3.0     3-Jan-22        Karthik N Siva N          Siva N     For Approval     Reviewed,
                                                                               Approved and
                                                                               Baselined

 3.1     13-Mar-22       Sanjana Karthik                      For Review       Updated the
                                                                               roles and
                                                                               responsibilities


TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                            13
 4.0    18-Mar-2022 Sanjana Siva N         Siva N     For Approval    Reviewed,
                                                                      Approved and
                                                                      Baselined

 4.1    21-Mar-2023 Vijaya      Srikanth              For Review         Updated
                     and Asha                                            Introduction
                     Veeramall                                           section and
                     u                                                   Section 2.1

                                                                         New
                                                                         template
                                                                         change

 5.0    8-May-2023 Vijaya       Srikanth   Srikanth   For Approval    Approved and
                                                                      Baselined

 5.1    23-Jan-2024 Rakesh      Vijaya                For Review      Requirement
                     Vijendra                                         from
                                                                      ISO27001:2022 of
                                                                      Secure coding
                                                                      has been
                                                                      addressed

 6.0       23-Feb-24 Rakesh     Vijaya     Srikanth    For Approval    Approved and
                     Vijendra                                            Baselined


 6.1                 Kruti      Vijaya R              For Annual      Migrated to a
                                                      Review          new Template
        30-Apr-25
                                                                      and Yearly
                                                                      Review

 7.0                 Kruti      Vijaya R   Srikanth   For Approval    Approved and
        29-May-25
                                                                      Baselined




TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                  14
                                Contact Information
                                               Name

                                               Email

                                              Phone




                                  Thank You
                                     infosec@trianz.com




 The content in this document is copyrighted; any unauthorized use – in part or full – may violate the
 copyright, trademark, and other laws. This document may not be modified, reproduced, or publicly
   displayed, performed, or distributed, or used for any public or commercial purposes. The Trianz
 name and its products are subject to trademark and copyright protections, regardless of how and
                                          where referenced.


TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                                      15
