NETWORK SECURITY MANAGEMENT
PROCEDURE




TRIANZ INTERNAL       trianz.com
                         Statement of Confidentiality

  The information contained in this document is internal to Trianz. It shall not be
  disclosed, duplicated, or used for any purpose other than that stated herein, in
  whole or in part, without the express written consent of Trianz.




                            Information Classification

     ☐ Public

     ☒ Internal

     ☐ Confidential

     ☐ Restricted




TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                  2
                                  Table of Contents
1.   INTRODUCTION                                                      4

2.   OBJECTIVES                                                        4

3.   SCOPE                                                             4

4.   PROCEDURE                                                         5

     4.1 Network Security                                              5

         4.1.1     Network Administration                              5

         4.1.2     Network Communication Security                      6

         4.1.3     Connectivity                                        6

         4.1.4     Access Control and Security of Remote Users         7

         4.1.5     Router Security                                     7

         4.1.6     Firewalls                                           8

         4.1.7     Intrusion Detection/Prevention System               11

     4.2 Network services security & Network services access control   12

         4.2.1     Authentication for external connections             12

         4.2.2     Segregation of Networks                             12

         4.2.3     Remote and Diagnostic Port Protection               12

     4.3 Zero Trust Principles                                         13

5.   ISO CONTROL MAPPING                                               13




 TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                       3
1. Introduction
  The purpose of this Network Security Management Procedure is to establish a

  structured approach to securing the organization's network infrastructure. This

  procedure ensures the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of network resources

  by implementing robust security controls, monitoring mechanisms, and incident

  response measures in compliance with organizational policies and regulatory

  requirements.



2. Objectives
  Following are the objectives


  Ensure Network Security – Protect the network and secured network services from

  unauthorized access, threats, and vulnerabilities.


  Maintain Compliance – Adhere to industry standards, legal, and regulatory

  requirements.


  Enhance Incident Detection & Response – Monitor, detect, and mitigate network

  security incidents.



3. Scope
  This procedure is applicable to networks and networked services established at
  Trianz.

  The procedure applies to all Trianz products and services managed.




   TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                     4
4. Procedure

  4.1 Network Security

      4.1.1 Network Administration
            • IS systems of Trianz will be connected through the corporate network, which
             serves as the backbone of Trianz data and information exchange facility.
             Network and telecommunication controls will be deployed at Trianz to
             protect critical and business sensitive information from unauthorized and
             illegal access through network and telecommunication links.
            • Designated IS Administrator in IS Department is responsible for the
             administration of the corporate network
            • Designated IS Administrators in IS Department will regularly review and
             monitor the network configurations and take adequate measures to
             provide physical, logical and procedural safeguards for its security
            • All equipment connected to Trianz network will be monitored by IS
             Administrators through a tool, below are the monitoring activities done.


                o    Tool is configured to identify a network device connected to Trianz
                     network
                o    Approved devices (Desktops, Laptops, Servers, Printers, Switches and
                     Routers etc.,) can be tracked with user name, MAC address, IP address
                     and network port
                o    Tool will monitor software updates and Anti-virus updates for systems
                     (including desktops, laptops and servers)


             • Head of IS will maintain a list of designated IS Administrators from the IS
               team; who can access the routers and other network devices including
               security devices.
             • Automated alert and notification system will be deployed at the critical
               systems to inform IS Administrator if there is any possible breach of
               network security like unauthorized access, hacking or virus infection or any
               other event that hinders the operations of the respective systems.
             • Administrative privilege to all the network devices at Trianz will be provided
               to the designated IS Administrators in IS Department only.



   TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                        5
   4.1.2 Network Communication Security
          • Designated IS Administrator in IS Department will ensure that the default
            passwords of all the network devices including routers are changed.
          • IS Administrators should use access control lists on routers.
          • Software that performs unattended file transfer to or from other systems
            will be used to authenticate the origin and destination file names as well
            as any user submitting the request.
          • All system access must be logged and the log files thus generated should
            never be overwritten or deleted until they are backed up to off-line storage.
          • Internal Network Security shall be ensured by creating different VLAN’s
            restricting employees from accessing data residing on different VLAN’s.
            VLAN are created based on the business risk perception by the
            management.
          • The VLAN’s shall be segregated at the core switch and the inter-VLAN
            communication happens through the core switch only.


   4.1.3 Connectivity
          • All network connection points will be marked and identified.
          • All unused connections / services and network segments will be
            disconnected from active networks.
          • IS team will assess the suitability of new hardware/ software particularly
            the protocol compatibility before allowing those connections to the
            Trianz's corporate network.
          • No desktop/s or laptop/s will be allowed to connect to the LAN without
            approval. In case of any such requirement, the permission from the Head
            of IS will be taken.
          • Head of Departments will request the IS Helpdesk using Service Request for
            network connectivity to third party laptops to any unused network
            terminals.
          • Periodic LAN / WAN utilization report shall be generated to monitor and
            identify future requirement of link bandwidth. This could also be used to
            identify any unfavorable link utilization by systems. This is governed by
            Policy for Capacity Management.
          • Restrictions on connection by limiting the periodicity shall be ensured to
            provide additional security for high-risk applications. This can be achieved



TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                       6
            by implementing an IPS / IDS on the network segment which will
            reset/block connections that could lead to DoS.


   4.1.4 Access Control and Security of Remote Users
          • IS Administrator will monitor remote user VPN connections - Log in time
            and log out time through a tool, below are the activities done by the tool.
          • Tool is used to monitor and generate reports for the VPN users who are
            connecting to Trianz network over internet
          • For all users who will connect to Trianz network, authentication will be
            controlled by a firewall
          • Trianz will provide only secured access (VPN tunnel) to its web-enabled
            business and /or internal applications and/or servers


   4.1.5 Router Security
         Routers are used at the edge of the perimeter of network as well as inside

         the network for routing the packets. Securing the routers is very critical for

         the security of the network. Compromise of a router can lead to various

         security problems on the network served by that router, or even other

         networks with which that router is communicating as trusted connection.

          • All routers shall     support IPSec encryption standards like 3DES/AES
            standards etc., if this feature is supported by the Router Manufacturer,
            Model and Make • All unused services and daemons will be disabled /
            blocked on routers.
          • Access Control Lists must be configured on the router.
          • Syslog (router logs) from all the routers will be directed to a centralized log
            server.
          • Remote Access to all routers will be allowed only from the desktop of
            Designated System Administrators in IS Department.
          • Router will be accessed via console only in worst-case scenario when the
            network administrator is not able to connect to the router due to network
            connectivity problems.
          • Network management tool will be deployed to identify network traffic
            utilization, memory utilization, CPU utilization etc to prevent choke-ups at


TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                           7
            the gateways (router) and take necessary actions as per Policy for
            Capacity Planning.
          • Where possible, Authentication, Authorization & Accounting should be
            ensured using , AD/RADIUS / TACACS+.
          • Configuration of all routers across the organization will be stored centrally
            at the Central Location with the Head of IS for auditing, reference and as
            backup purpose.
          • SSH based telnet services will be used for all communication with the
            router.
          • Any changes to the configuration of the router will be approved by the
            Head of IS as per Policy for Change Management.


   4.1.6 Firewalls
       Each firewall that is introduced into the Trianz network should adhere to
       following:

          • Identification of network applications deemed necessary to be provided
            access via firewall
          • Identification of TCP/UDP ports should be allowed for identified
            applications
          • Identification of source and destination IP address ranges for identified
            applications Creation of firewall rule base based on applications traffic
          • Firewall rules should be created to allow communication on only identified
            ports for identified applications between identified source and destination
            IP ranges. Exception may be permitted to allow all ports for technical
            reasons but between specific source and destination IP address range
            only.
          • Block traffic from an infected/malicious source identified.
          • All changes in firewall rule base and/or policies will be approved by Head
            of IS and the policy for change management will be followed. (Refer:
            System and Software Change Management Policy)
       While assembling the rule base, following traffic will be blocked:

          • Inbound traffic from a non-authenticated source system with a
            destination address of the firewall system itself. This type of packet
            normally represents some type of probe or attack against the firewall.



TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                         8
          • Inbound traffic with a source address indicating that the packet originated
            on a network behind the firewall. This type of packet likely represents some
            type of spoofing attempt
          • Inbound traffic containing ICMP (Internet Control Message Protocol) traffic.
            Given the fact that ICMP can be used to map the networks behind certain
            types of firewalls, ICMP should never be passed in from the Internet, or from
            any un-trusted external network
          • Inbound traffic from a system using a source address that falls within the
            address ranges set aside in RFC 1918 as being reserved for private
            networks. RFC 1918 reserves the following address ranges for private
            networks:
               o 10.0.0.0 – 10.255.255.255 (Class A)

               o 172.16.0.0 – 172.31.255.255 (Class B)

               o 192.168.0.0 – 192.168.255.255 (Class C)

       Inbound traffic with these source addresses usually indicates the beginning
       of a denial of-service attack

           •      Inbound traffic from a non-authenticated source system containing
                  SNMP (Simple Network Management Protocol) traffic. These packets
                  can be an indicator that an intruder is probing a network
           •      Inbound traffic containing IP Source Routing information. Source
                  Routing is a mechanism that allows a system to specify the routes that
                  a piece of network traffic will employ while traveling from the source
                  system to the destination system. From a security standpoint, source
                  routing has the potential to permit an attacker to construct a network
                  packet that bypasses firewall controls
           •      Inbound or outbound network traffic containing a source or
                  destination address of 127.0.0.1 (local host). Such traffic is usually some
                  type of attack against the firewall system itself
           •      Inbound or outbound network traffic containing a source or
                  destination address of 0.0.0.0 should be blocked. Some operating
                  systems interpret this address as either local host, or as a broadcast
                  address, and these packets can be used for attack purposes
           •      Restrictions on connection times shall be used to provide additional
                  security for high risk applications. This can be achieved by

TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                            9
                  implementing an IPS / IDS on the network segment which will
                  reset/block connections that could lead to DoS.
           •      Block Inbound traffic containing directed broadcast addresses as
                  directed broadcast is often used to initiate a broadcast propagation
                  attack such as SMURF. Directed broadcasts allow one computer
                  system to send out a broadcast message with a source address other
                  than its own. In other words, a system sends out a broadcast message
                  with a spoofed source address. Any system that responds to the
                  directed broadcast will then send its response to the system specified
                  by the source, rather than to the source system itself. These packets
                  can be used to create huge “storms” of network traffic that has been
                  used to disable some of the largest sites on the Internet




       1. Testing Firewall controls
           •      The first methodology is to obtain hardcopies of the firewall
                  configurations and compare these hardcopies against the expected
                  configuration based on defined policies.
           •      The second methodology involves actual in-place configuration
                  testing. In this methodology, the designated IS Administrator in IS
                  Department will actually assess the configuration of a device by
                  attempting to perform operations that are prohibited
       2. Access to Firewall Platform

          The most common method for breaking into a firewall is to take

          advantage of the resources made available for the remote management

          of the firewall. This typically includes exploiting access to the operating

          system console, or access to a graphic management interface. The

          following will be followed for secure access to firewall platform

           •      Access to the operating system console and any graphic
                  management interface will be carefully controlled by use of
                  encryption and/or strong user authentication, and restricting access
                  by IP address

TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                           10
           •      Secure Sockets Layer will be used for graphic management interfaces
                  that rely on the hypertext transport protocol (HTTP) for interface
                  presentation
       3. Firewall Backup

          The following will be followed for firewall backups: -

               •    The Firewalls will be backed up immediately prior to production

                    release

               •    The firewall backup will be retained for a period of at least three

                    months


   4.1.7 Intrusion Detection/Prevention System
          • Network based IDS/IPS will be implemented at all gateways shall monitor
            all inbound and outbound network traffic at Trianz network in promiscuous
            mode.
          • Network based IDS/IPS shall be able to generate alerts / alarms in case
            any unfavorable / malicious activity is identified on the network to intimate
            the security administrator immediately.
          • Network based IDS shall be configured and managed from a common
            Centralized IDS Console. IDS security policies and response policies shall
            be stored on this console server. • Upgrades / update / Hot-fixes / patches
            shall be applied to IDS and documented.
          • Regularly update the IDS signatures. The documentation of the same also
            shall done, logging the update number, time of application of the upgrade,
            brief on the changes to it.
          • All alert logs from both network based IDS shall be forwarded from the IDS
            to centralized IDS Console
          • The designated IS administrator must apply latest patches or attack
            signature updates or upgrades as and when released on all IDS sensors
            via the centralized IDS Console.
          • The designated IS administrator must configure the security patches or
            updates or upgrades to the respective IDS sensors and backup the existing
            IDS security policy or response policy before applying the newly configured
            IDS policy (with patch / update / upgrade).

TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                           11
          • Backup of IDS Policy shall be taken before performing any modification or
            changes in the existing security policy.
          • Periodical Backup of IDS security policy, response policy and security logs
            shall be taken. The Frequency of periodical backup is every six months.
          • Multiple backup copies shall be created and the copies must be stored in
            safe environment preferably at cloud.
          • Reports shall be generated from the security alert logs on a periodic basis
            (suggest at least weekly).
          • Co-relation of network based IDS shall be done to identify malicious /
            unfavorable activity pattern at Trianz network and take precautionary
            measures to block such activities in future or in case of a incidence
            occurrence.
          • Restrictions on connection times shall be used to provide additional
            security for high-risk applications. This can be achieved by implementing
            an IPS / IDS on the network segment which will reset/block connections
            that could lead to DoS.
          • IDS response to any illegal / hacking activity will include appropriate steps
            including the following: -
                  o   Dropping such connection
                  o   Reconfiguring the firewall to block connections from source IP
                      address


4.2 Network services security & Network services access control

   4.2.1 Authentication for external connections
         Authentication for external connections is through SSL VPN based on
         authentication using Kerberos protocol,


   4.2.2 Segregation of Networks
          Networks are segregated using VLAN methodology based on business
          units.


   4.2.3 Remote and Diagnostic Port Protection
          Remote and Diagnostic ports are protected by blocking ICMP.


TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                       12
4.3 Zero Trust Principles
   • Trianz shall follow a strict zero trust network architecture, so that we can prevent
   network security breaches and reduce blast radius in case of breach, thus not be
   reliant only on network perimeter security alone.
   • Trianz shall implement a "never trust and always verify" approach for access to
   information systems by ensuring that requests to information systems are
   encrypted end-to-end.
   • Verifying each request to an information system as if it originated from an open,
   external network, even if these requests originated internal to the organization (i.e.
   not automatically trusting anything inside or outside its perimeters).
   • Trianz always follows "least privilege" and dynamic access control techniques
   which includes authenticating and authorizing requests for information or to
   systems based on contextual information such as authentication information,
   user identities, data about the user endpoint device, and data classification.
   • By following zero trust we always authenticating requesters and always
   validating authorization requests to information systems based on information
   including authentication information and user identities, data about the user
   endpoint device, and data classification, for example enforcing strong
   authentication (e.g. multi-factor, end point agents, location based, attribute
   based).




5. ISO Control Mapping


          Category of     ISO 27001:2022 Control             Document Name as
          Control                                            per ISO 27001:2022
          Technological 8.20 Networks security Control       Network Security
          Control       Networks and network devices         Management
                        shall be secured, managed            Procedure
                        and controlled to protect
                        information in systems and
                        applications.



TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                       13
                  8.21 Security of network
                  services Control Security
                  mechanisms, service levels
                  and service requirements of
                  network services shall be
                  identified, implemented and
                  monitored.

                  8.22 Segregation of networks
                  Control Groups of information
                  services, users and information
                  systems shall be segregated in
                  the organization's networks.




TRIANZ INTERNAL                                     14
                                          Document Control

    Owner:           CISO                   Release ID:                      NSM-PROC-0048




                   For Trianz Process Improvement Group (TPIG) Purpose Only

      Version History




    Ver.                                  Review   Approve        Reason for        Change
                  Date           Author
    No.                                     er        r            Change          Description

0.0          26-Feb-        Jyotessh G                       Initial draft       None
             07
0                           Nair

1.0          26-Feb-        Jyotessh G                       Baseline            Approved
             07
0                           Nair                             is                  Baseline.

                                                             approve

                                                             d       by

                                                             Zulfikar Deen.

1.0                         Bharateesh
                            aBR
1

2.0          03-Jun-        Balu Nair                        Approval            Baselined
             09
0                                                            for

                                                             Baseline

2.0          30-Dec-10 Chakravart                            QMG                 Formatted
                                                                                 entire
1                           hi                               review
                                                                                 Document




       TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                       15
                                                       Modified
                                                       Properties of the
                                                       document

3.0          30-Dec-10 Chakravart      Request         Baselined

0                         hi           for baseline

3.0          24-May-11    Srilakshmi   QMG             Modified release
                                                       id in header and
1                                      Review
                                                       cover page to
                                                       make
                                                       consistency

4.0          24-May-11    Srilakshmi   Approval for    Baselined

0                                      Baseline

                                       QMG             Replace Owner
4.0 1        3-Aug-11     Sudharsana
                                                       with
                                       review
                                                       Management
                                                       Representative
                                                       in place of CIO

                                                       In Document
                                                       Classification

                                                       Scheme,
                                                       "Retention
                                                       period is 3
                                                       Years" row is
                                                       removed

5.0                       Sudharsan    Request
             3-Aug-11                                  Approved and
0                         a            for baseline    Baselined

6.0                       Sudharsan    QMG             Formatted as
             28-Sep-12
0
                          a            review          per latest
                                                       template format

7.0                       Gangadhar    ISMS            Modified section
             08-Jan-13
0                         &            Surveilla nce   4.1.1 -


        TRIANZ INTERNAL                                            16
                                                         Audit           Network
                        Srilakshmi
                                                                         Administration
                                                         Findings
                                                                         for
                                                                         identification
                                                                         and monitoring
                                                                         of equipment
                                                                         connected in
                                                                         network


                                                                         Modified section
                                                                         4.1.4 -
                                                                         Remote User
                                                                         Security for
                                                                         Access control
                                                                         of remote users
                                                                         and monitoring
                                                                         of VPN / Remote
                                                                         users and
                                                                         section name
                                                                         from Remote
                                                                         user security to
                                                                         Access Control
                                                                         and Security of
                                                                         Remote users.
7.0                                  Joshy                               Information
           29-Apr-19    Balu Nair
1                                                                        classification
                                     VM
                                                                         modified

                                                                         Trianz logo
                                                                         modified

8.0                                            Ganesh    Approve
           14-May-19    Balu Nair                                        Baselined
                                                         d for
                                               Arunach
                                               ala       Release

8.1
           15-May-      Balu Nair    Phani               Annual Review   Migrated to the
           20                        Krishna                             new template



      TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                17
9.0                                                        For             Approved and
            15-May-      Balu Nair    Phani     Phani
            20                        Krishna   Krishna                    Baselined
                                                           Approval


9.1
            3-May-20     Divya G      Vijaya    Phani      Annual Review   Updated with
                                                Krishna                    new information
                                                                           classification

10.                                                        For             Approved and
            3-May-20     Divya G      Vijaya    Phani
0                                                                             Baselined
                                                Krishna    Approval


10.
            21-Dec-21    Divya G      Karthik              Annual Review   No Change
0                                     N

11.         13-Mar-
                         Sanjana      Balu N               For review      The scope has
1                                                                          been extended
            2022
                                                                           to products and
                                                                           services

12.         18-Mar-                                        For             Approved and
                         Sanjana      Siva N    Siva N
0                                                                             Baselined
            2022                                           Approval

12.0
            10-Mar-      Beniyel S,   Balu N               For review      No Change
            2023         Rama
                         Madhavan
                                                                           Migrated to new
                                                                           template

12.0                                                                       Approved and
            10-May-      Beniyel S    Balu N    Srikanth   For Approval
                                                                              Baselined
            2023                                M


12.1                                                                       Added 4.2 Zero
            02-Feb-      Sraveen      Balu N & Srikanth    For review
                                                                              trust
            2024         Motupalli    Vijaya    M
                                                                              principles
                                                                              and
                                                                              removed




       TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                 18
                                                                               CD-ROM
                                                                               Backups
13.0                                                                      Approved and
            23-Feb-      Sraveen       Balu N & Srikanth   For Approval
                                                                               Baselined
            24           Motupalli     Vijaya   M

13.1                                                                      1.   Introduction
            11-Mar-25    Krutideepta   Balu N,             For Yearly
                                                                               section has
                         Barik         Vijaya R            Review
                                       &                                       been added.
                                       Beniyel                            2. Objectives
                                       S                                       and
                                                                               Procedures
                                                                               have been
                                                                               modified
                                                                               and
                                                                               updated.
                                                                          3. Migrated to
                                                                               a new
                                                                               Template.
14.0                                                                      Approved and
            14-May-      Krutideepta   Balu N & Srikanth   For Approval
                                                                          Baselined
            25           Barik         Vijaya   M




       TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                 19
                                Contact Information
                                               Name

                                               Email

                                              Phone




                                  Thank You
                                     infosec@trianz.com




 The content in this document is copyrighted; any unauthorized use – in part or full – may violate the
 copyright, trademark, and other laws. This document may not be modified, reproduced, or publicly
   displayed, performed, or distributed, or used for any public or commercial purposes. The Trianz
 name and its products are subject to trademark and copyright protections, regardless of how and
                                          where referenced.


TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                                      20
