Physical Access and
Environmental Security
Procedure




TRIANZ INTERNAL          trianz.com
                         Statement of Confidentiality

  The information contained in this document is internal to Trianz. It shall not be
  disclosed, duplicated, or used for any purpose other than that stated herein, in
  whole or in part, without the express written consent of Trianz.




                            Information Classification

     ☐ Public

     ☒ Internal

     ☐ Confidential

     ☐ Restricted




TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                  2
                                Table of Contents
1.   INTRODUCTION                                                5

2.   OBJECTIVE(S)                                                5

3.   SCOPE                                                       5

4.   ENTRY CRITERIA AND INPUTS:                                  5

5.   PROCESS DESCRIPTION (PROCEDURE)                             6

     5.1 Zones Identification                                    6

     5.2 Perimeter Security                                      6

         5.2.1     Zone 1:                                       6

         5.2.2     Loading and Unloading Areas:                  7

         5.2.3     Zone 2                                        7

         5.2.4     Zone 3:                                       8

     5.3 Physical Access Controls                                8

         5.3.1     Access Cards:                                 8

         5.3.2     Identity Cards:                               9

         5.3.3     Visitor Register                              9

         5.3.4     Access to Server Rooms                        10

         5.3.5     Protection Against Unauthorized Access        10

         5.3.5 Data Center Personnel Training:                   11

     5.4 Work Environment Regulation                             11

     5.5 Health and Safety Regulation                            12

     5.6 Emergency and Safety Services                           13

     5.7 Protection against external and environmental Threats   13

         5.7.1     Fire protection                               13

         5.7.2     Lightning Protection                          14

         5.7.3     Telecommunication Failure                     14

         5.7.4     Water supply Failure                          14

         5.7.5     Power Failure                                 14

 TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                 3
        5.7.6      Emergency Lighting:                                15

        5.7.7      Emergency Evacuation Procedure:                    16

     5.8 Equipment protection                                         21

     5.9 Equipment Maintenance:                                       23

     5.10 Control of Movement of Assets:                              25

     5.11 Physical Access Monitoring and Control                      26

     5.12 Re-use, Disposal and Removal of Equipment                   26

6.   EXIT CRITERIA AND OUTPUT                                         27

7.   ROLES AND RESPONSIBILITIES                                       27

8.   PREREQUISITES                                                    28

     8.1 Reference Policy, Process, Procedure, Templates, Checklist   28

9.   APPLICABLE STANDARDS:                                            28

10. EXCEPTIONS(S):                                                    28

11. REVIEW:                                                           29

12. APPENDIX:                                                         29

13. ISO CONTROL MAPPING(S)                                            29




 TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                      4
1. Introduction
   Physical access control and environmental security are one of the first lines of
   defense in any organization to protect its information assets by creating several
   physical barriers around business, processes and information processing facilities.
   Controls should be put in place to monitor and control physical access to the
   organizational premises. In a well-designed security system, there are at least 4
   layers of physical access security.

   •   Environmental design

   •   Mechanical and electronic access control

   •   Intrusion detection

   •   Video monitoring


     The goal is to convince potential attackers that the likely cost of attack
exceeds the value of making the attack.


2. Objective(s)
   The objective of this framework is to establish physical access controls to protect
   Trianz’s information assets from unauthorized physical access, damage and
   interference.


3. Scope
   This framework is applicable to information assets, all users (employees,
   consultants, contractors and third party) who have access to Trianz’s information
   processing systems and to the premises of across Trianz.


4. Entry Criteria and Inputs:
   •   Physical Access control Monitoring

   •   Utility Services Maintenance

   •   Zone Identifications

   •   Access card and Identity card allocation

 TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                   5
5. Process Description (Procedure)

  5.1 Zones Identification
   At Trianz, we have identified the following zones based on the security category
   of information assets within the specific area under consideration.

   Zone 1: Those areas open to public, company employees, third party service
   providers, contractors. Areas include receptions, discussion rooms, cafeteria,
   lounge, company premises,

   Zone 2: Those areas not open to public but open to company staff, third party
   service providers, and contractors. Areas include company working areas,
   conference rooms, employee cabins, pantry, boardrooms, and training rooms.

   Zone 3: Those areas open to only those with authorized access. This is applicable
   to all irrespective of whether the person is a company staff, third party service
   provider, and contractor. Areas include server rooms, equipment rooms, file
   cabinets, AC control rooms, UPS Rooms. In order to identify the zones, board
   displaying the zone number will be displayed visibly in the zone entry point, in every
   case.


  5.2 Perimeter Security

       5.2.1 Zone 1:
              Office Building
              • Office building will be protected by having security guards 24/7 at
                 various entry points
              • Any employee having a visitor will accompany him/her by
                 registering his name and employee ID at the office building
              Reception
              • Reception will have security guards 24/7 monitoring the movement
                 of people, materials
              • Reception area will not have any signs of display of information
                 which is either confidential or internal use only.




TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                       6
       5.2.2 Loading and Unloading Areas:
          o   Access to Loading and Unloading areas will be provided to only those
              who have been authorized by Trianz. This includes employees, third party
              service providers, contractors.
          o   Under no circumstances, visitors will be allowed to access the loading
              and unloading areas.
          o   Loading and unloading areas will be designed to prevent delivery
              personnel having access to other parts of the building.
          o   Avoid use of main access for movement of heavy equipment’s and/or
              heavy Cargo, utilize loading bay facility where available.
          o   Hydrogen sensors shall be deployed in areas where Lead-acid batteries
              are used discussion Rooms.
          o   Discussion rooms will be designed to prevent the visitor from having
              access to information which is not for public consumption
          o   Discussion rooms will be located far from Zone 2 and Zone 3 to the extent
              possible.
          o   Discussion rooms will not have any form of display of information which
              is Trianz confidential or internal use only.


       5.2.3 Zone 2
              Cabins:

                  •   Cabin walls will be sound proof to the extent possible to ensure
                      confidentiality.
                  •   Placing of Information processing equipment will be made in such
                      a way so as to prevent disclosure of information to unauthorized
                      sources
                  •   Tinted glasses will be used to prevent easy access to confidential
                      information.
                  •   Cabins will be protected by locking the doors when in unattended
                      state to prevent unauthorized physical access Work Areas,
                      Conference Rooms, Training Rooms, Boardrooms
                  •   No visitor will be allowed to enter into working areas or conference
                      rooms or training rooms unless there is a business need and in
                      such cases, the visitor will be always accompanied by the
                      concerned employee
                  •   Workstations will be designed to prevent disclosure of confidential


TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                        7
                      information.
                  •   Conference, training rooms, and board rooms will be provided
                      with locker facility to prevent theft of any equipment when in
                      unattended state.
                  •   No form of display of confidential information will be allowed in
                      conference and training rooms and working areas.
                  •   Conference rooms and training room walls will be sound proof to
                      the extent possible, tinted glasses will be used to prevent leakage
                      of confidential information to unauthorized resources.
                  •   Display boards, projectors, will be located to prevent disclosure of
                      confidential information to unauthorized resources.
                  •   Record of trainings, meetings held at training and conference
                      rooms will be maintained


       5.2.4 Zone 3:
             Server Rooms
                • Server rooms will be positioned and the viewing angle restricted
                   to reduce the risk of information being viewed by unauthorized
                   resources
                • Server rooms will be protected to prevent theft of equipment.
                  •   Access to server rooms will be registered.
                  •   Server rooms will be fitted with tinted glasses to prevent leakage
                      of information to unauthorized resources
                  •   Server rooms will be protected by locking the doors when in
                      unattended state to prevent unauthorized physical access
                  •   Exterior facing windows/door forced open and breakage alarm
                      should be present for all areas.
                  •   ZONE-3 area on Ground floor and areas susceptible for flooding
                      shall be deployed with fluid or water sensor.


  5.3 Physical Access Controls

       5.3.1 Access Cards:
             Physical access will be controlled using access control system which will
             be electronic in nature. Physical access will be provided based on the
             verification of access information provided at the entry points. The
             following information will be verified to provide the required access

TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                        8
              •   Access card number
              •   Employee name
              •   Employee ID
              •   Access cards will be issued to only employees and contractors.


       5.3.2 Identity Cards:
          •   The following type of identity cards will be issued to employees,
              contractors, third party service providers, and visitors.
          •   Employee Identity Card: Employees
          •   Temporary Identity Card: Employees, Contractors, Third Party Service
              providers. Please refer Admin process for details on the procedure for
              issuing temporary ID cards
          •   Visitor Card: Visitors
          •   Physical access will be provided based on the display of both access
              and identity cards.
          •   Access during non-working hours: Any employee and / or contractor/ or
              third party service provider, who need access on any working day
              beyond 2100 Hours, will sign in a “Late Exit” register, provided with the
              security guard at reception, while leaving.
          •   Access during non-working days: Access during non-working days will
              be restricted to only employees, contractors. A separate register will be
              maintained for all employees and / or contractors visiting office on any
              off working hours (including week-ends and holidays), which should be
              filled in by the designated employee and / or contractors.
          •   Access rights to access cards
          •   Access to third party service providers will be allowed based on business
              need and approvals from relevant authority.
          •   Refer Admin process at Trianz QMS for more information on issuance of
              identity and access cards.


       5.3.3 Visitor Register
              Visitor register will be maintained to track the movement of visitors
              including third party service providers




TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                     9
       5.3.4 Access to Server Rooms
             Access to server rooms will be restricted to authorized individuals and
             enabled on the access control system. Access register will be maintained
             to track the access to server rooms.


       5.3.5 Protection Against Unauthorized Access
             •    Admin team shall regularly monitor access points, such as doors,
                  gates, and entryways, through security cameras, physical security
                  systems, access logs and security alerts from all the systems logs.
             •    The Admin Team shall perform physical access review of access logs,
                  in case of any discrepancy in the access logs, CCTV logs will be
                  reviewed by the Admin team.
             •    Trianz shall implement a security alarm system wherever required.
             •    Trianz shall train the security personnel to recognize and identify
                  suspicious or unauthorized individuals attempting to gain physical
                  access and shall maintain visitor register and vendor register as such
                  and shall ensure vendors and visitors shall be allowed only after
                  verification of appropriate approval form the respective business /
                  department heads, verifying government-issued identification (ID),
                  such as an official identity document, driver's license, passport, etc,.
                  Security Personnels shall update all the required details in the visitor
                  and vendor register.
             •    In cases of unauthorized entry or breach, security personnel must
                  respond immediately by approaching the intruder, verifying their
                  identity, and taking necessary actions to secure the area.
             •    If an unauthorized entry is confirmed or if the situation escalates, the
                  security supervisor should be notified to assess the severity and
                  decide on further actions.
             •    Notify relevant parties, such as the facility management and law
                  enforcement if required. Prepare incident reports for documentation
                  and legal purposes.
             •    If necessary, physically restrain and escort unauthorized individuals
                  out of the premises in a safe and controlled manner.
             •    Gather evidence, including security camera footage and eyewitness
                  statements, to support any investigations or legal actions. Review


TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                         10
                  access points, entry procedures, and security measures to identify
                  weaknesses and implement enhancements to prevent future
                  unauthorized access.
  Investigate and analyze security alerts to distinguish between false positives and
  actual unauthorized access attempts.


5.3.5 Data Center Personnel Training:
          •   Professional Development and the IS team shall develop, conduct
              training and awareness programs for personnels who have access to
              the data center.
          •   The training materials shall be reviewed and approved by the
              Professional Development in conjunction with the IS team.
          •   Records shall be kept and tracked to identify and confirm the
              personnels who have access to the data center have finished the
              training on a timely basis and a test shall be conducted if required.
          •   Maintain a constant state of vigilance by regularly patrolling and
              monitoring access points to deter unauthorized access attempts.
          •   Maintain records of all unauthorized physical access incidents, actions
              taken, and outcomes for future reference and compliance purposes.
          •   Conduct a post-incident review to identify lessons learned and areas
              for improvement in the physical access security process.


  5.4 Work Environment Regulation
          •   Personnel in zone 2 and zone 3 should only be aware of existence of
              activities within that area on a need to know basis
          •   Unsupervised working in zone 2 and 3 will be avoided both for safety
              reasons and to prevent opportunities for malicious activities
          •   Vacant areas in zone 2 and zone 3 will be physically locked and
              periodically checked wherever possible.
          •   Confidential Information will not be kept in any form on work desks
              unless required it is absolutely required to prevent leakage of
              information.
          •   All employees, contractors, third party service provider, and visitors will
              be required to wear, and display, the identity cards issued to them all
              the time while present in the Zone 2 and 3.

TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                       11
          •   No employee of Trianz is supposed to bring any media like Floppies, CDs,
              DVDs, USB Drives, Tapes, portable Hard Disks, personal laptops, video
              cameras, etc, to Trianz premises, without written permission from the
              head of Administration. The media can be deposited at reception, if
              brought by any employee. Any Media taken inside without declaration
              will be considered as serious policy violation. Users will be subjected to
              a random check to verify this. However, Video Cameras can be used in
              Zone 1 areas. Mobile cameras are permitted inside with a self-restrain
              that employees will not use them inside areas classified as Zone 3, any
              misuse of mobile camera usage will be considered a serious security
              violation
          •   If an employee wants to bring any information inside the organization,
              which is currently stored on his/her CD, floppy, USB drive or laptop etc.,
              he or she will take a prior approval from the Head of Department and IT
              manager through IT service request and handover the device to the
              Front desk personnel in the reception area and inform the admin
              department. The admin department will arrange to provide access of
              the data to the user. Admin department will hand over the device to the
              Front desk person after the activity is over


  5.5 Health and Safety Regulation
          •   Smoking is strictly prohibited at all zones except smoking areas
              identified under the office premises
          •   Combustible and hazardous materials are strictly prohibited and if there
              is a business need, the same will be stored at a safe distance from zone
              2 and 3.
          •   Beverages, food and other eatables are expressly prohibited in zone 3.
              Zone 2 will also be subject to this restriction except in those
              circumstances where there is absolute business need. e.g: client visits,
              board meetings, and Pantry.
          •   Equipment     which   emits   electromagnetic   radiations   are   strictly
              prohibited
          •   Bursting of firecrackers is strictly prohibited at all zones unless
              authorized.
          •   Medical Kits will be kept at reception and with the admin team.


TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                      12
  5.6 Emergency and Safety Services
          Emergency and Safety services contact list will be kept with the admin
          department and be displayed at selected locations on the floor. The same will
          be reviewed and kept current by interacting with relevant authorities


  5.7 Protection against external and environmental Threats
      •    Admin team shall identify and document the critical equipment's and their
           external and environmental Threats such as chances of flooding,
           earthquake, damage from wind, dust, and other natural disasters. Admin
           team shall assess the potential impact of these hazards.
      •    Trianz shall ensure that an adequate risk assessment for the probability of
           external and environmental Threats occurrence is conducted before
           selecting a location.
      •    In case of any external and environmental threats scenarios, Admin team
           shall implement protective measures such as elevating equipment above
           flood-prone areas, securing the glass windows / doors against wind
           damage by implementing toughened glasses, and sealing against dust
           infiltration.
      •    Admin team shall install surge protectors and backup power sources to
           safeguard against electrical issues during natural disasters.
      •    An emergency response plan, maintenance and monitoring shall be
           performed as applicable by the admin team.


       5.7.1 Fire protection
               o   Smoke detectors will be located above the false ceilings at each floor.
                   Manual call points will be provided in each floor to raise alarms
                   manually in case of emergencies / disasters.
               o   Fire extinguishers will be provided in each floor and also within the
                   office premises. Different types of fire extinguishers will be used to
                   extinguish fires in different situations. For e.g. in the server rooms gas
                   based fire extinguishers will be used.
               o   All fire exits will be prominently marked for easy visibility. The keys to
                   the fire exit doors will be kept in a small glass box besides the fire exit,
                   which can be broken and keys could be retrieved in emergency
                   situations. Duplicate keys of the fire exit will be available on request,

TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                             13
                  from the Head of Administration. At all other times, the emergency exit
                  will be kept locked.
             o    To keep a check on proper working of fire safety equipment’s, a
                  periodic check will be done within the expiry time specified by the
                  manufacturer of the equipment.
             o    Fire drills will be carried out (once a year) so that an employee is
                  aware of steps to be taken in case of fire. Smoke detectors will also be
                  checked for their proper working when fire drills are carried out
             o    Emergency Power off switch will be provided to prevent cascading of
                  fire into multiple floors


       5.7.2 Lightning Protection
             The building power supply and distribution is made through MCB’s, which
             are mounted in metal box. All power points are safely grounded to the
             earthing-pits, by flat long copper plates inserted in the building wall.


       5.7.3 Telecommunication Failure
             o    In case of PBX communication failure, another alternate phone will be
                  provided to the Security Personnel.


       5.7.4 Water supply Failure
             o    The office building owner will ensure that back up water supply is
                  available in case of primary supply failure


       5.7.5 Power Failure
             o    Information processing equipment will be protected from power
                  failures and other electrical anomalies including voltage surges and
                  spikes. Information assets will be protected from damage due to
                  power failures. All the computers and related electronic devices will
                  be connected to power supply from UPS.
             o    UPS will be checked regularly to ensure that they provide adequate
                  power output. A maintenance plan, including periodic tests and
                  servicing, will be followed for UPS equipment. Testing of utility services,
                  backup systems and crisis response procedures shall be performed


TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                           14
                  by the Building Management / Admin team to ensure the
                  preparedness and effectiveness.
             o    Backup Generator will be put into operation in case of failure of UPS.
             o    Critical areas (Data centers, hub rooms, server room etc.) shall have
                  power redundancy like multiple powers feed, stand by UPS, DG set etc.
             o    The Admin team / Security Personnel shall regularly monitor the
                  temperature and humidity of the Data center / Hub, / Switch room
                  which shall be between 18 Celsius to 24 Celsius and in case of
                  overheating, the security personnels shall inform the admin team,
                  and necessary actions shall be taken to maintain the temperature
                  and humidity inside the Data center / Hub / Switch room at the
                  required level. The Temperature and Humidity readings shall be noted
                  down either outside the respective rooms or in a separate registry.
                  The Temperature and Humidity readings shall be monitored
                  manually every two hours, and the readings will be updated in the
                  respective sheet. The records shall be maintained for at least 3 to 6
                  months or for an appropriate duration. Post that period, the
                  recordings shall be disposed through shredder by admin team.
             o    Admin team shall monitor and refill the fire extinguisher once a year.
                  Before taking the fire extinguisher for refill, it shall be approved by the
                  head of Admin team and gate pass shall be provided
             o    Periodic testing of the utility services shall be performed as per the
                  Master Service agreement and utility services logs are maintained
                  and reviewed. Utility services shall be periodically tested by the
                  Building Management / Admin team as per the Contractual
                  Agreements.
             o    Monitoring of utility services shall be performed by the Building
                  Management and the Admin team, for identification of areas for
                  improvement, update contact information, and adjust response
                  plans as required.


       5.7.6 Emergency Lighting:
             Emergency Lighting Facility is available at specific locations on the floor.




TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                           15
       5.7.7 Emergency Evacuation Procedure:
             Introduction:

             The objective of emergency evacuation procedures is to familiarize all
             members of the Emergency Response Team (ERT) with the emergency
             procedures in place to facilitate safe, orderly and timely evacuation
             when necessary.
                • General Information:
                  •   Emergency Exits:
                  •   Emergency exits are provided on the floor closer to the staircase
                      entries.
                  •   Emergency Lighting:
                  •   Emergency Lighting facility has been provided at selected
                      locations on the floor to facilitate safe evacuation in the case of
                      an emergency.


             Air Conditioning:
             The floor’s air-conditioning system will shut down automatically on the
             declaration of an emergency
             Fire Alarms:
             Fire Alarms are provided at each floor to facilitate easy determination of
             fire.
             Fire Extinguishers:
             Fire extinguishers are kept at selected locations on the floor based on the
             location of critical information
             processing facilities.
             Emergency Response Team (ERT):
             At Trianz, ERT consists of ERT Lead and his deputy assisted by number ERT
             members appointed for each section. ERT lead will report to the Building
             ERT head in regard to the implementation of building evacuation plan,
             coordination of building evacuations, and the proper maintenance of
             building fire safety equipment’s. The standard working day at Trianz
             inclusive of lunch break is 9 hours. This may be worked between 8.00 a.m.
             till 6.00 p.m., Monday to Friday. Outside these times, or when it may be
             reasonably assumed that the members of ERT are not in company
             premises, the duty or security officer will assume the responsibilities of
             ERT.


TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                       16
             ERT Lead Responsibilities:
                • The ERT lead will be responsible for maintaining an up-to-date list
                      of their ERT. He/She will also nominate a person for the position of
                      Deputy Building Warden who will undertake their duties in their
                      absence
                  •   Arranging and co-coordinating evacuation exercise
                  •   Accurately logging the performance of, and any problems
                      encountered during exercises
                  •   Conducting debriefing after practice evacuations
                  •   Continually striving to improve the effectiveness of the plan
                  •   Ensuring an update list of the names and location of workplaces
                      of mobility impaired persons is kept on hearing the fire alarm
                      sounding or on being advised of an emergency situation, the ERT
                      Lead will immediately.
                  •   Ensure the relevant emergency service has been called.
                  •   Proceed to the fire indicator panel.
                  •   Inform the affected Section using the PA system or runner and
                      initiate a search or instigate designated actions.
                  •   Reassure staff/students that the alarm / emergency is being
                      investigated.
             If a fire / or emergency has been found, the ERT Lead will
                 • Evacuate the Section immediately (if not already under way)
                  •   Inform building ERT head / security of the situation
                  •   Consider evacuation of entire premises
                  •   Meet the emergency services, building ERT head /security on
                      arrival and inform them of the situation, if no fire / emergency are
                      found, the ERT head will
                  •   Inform staff of the false alarm
                  •   Meet the emergency service on arrival and inform them of the
                      situation


             Equipment’s:

             Good Quality Torch, emergency procedures documentation, Floor plan
             of the entire building identifying,
                 • Different sections of the floor


TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                        17
                  •   Section ERT members
                  •   Location of Fire Fighting equipment
                  •   Location of Exits
                  •   Fire Indicator Panel
                  •   List of All on duty staff, where applicable


                  Deputy ERT Lead Responsibilities:

                  •   The Deputy ERT lead will assume the duties and responsibilities of
                      the ERT lead whenever the ERT Lead is absent from the premises
                  •   The ERT Lead and the deputy ERT Lead will never be simultaneously
                      absent from the building
                  •   The deputy ERT Lead will have the same equipment as the ERT
                      Lead.


              ERT Members Responsibilities:

                              o   ERT members will be appointed for the purpose of
                                  directing and controlling the emergency procedures as
                                  directed by the ERT Lead
                              o   ERT members have the authority to evacuate their area
                                  of responsibility if they consider there is any danger to
                                  staff, students or visitors
                              o   On activation of the fire alarm or emergency actions, ERT
                                  members may receive instructions from the ERT lead. On
                                  receipt of instructions, they will either.
                              o   Direct section staff to reassure staff whilst at the same
                                  time preparing to evacuate; and / or Initiate a search or
                                  emergency procedures of their section
                              o   If a fire or emergency situation is found the ERT member
                                  will.
                              o   Inform the ERT Lead
                              o   Evacuate the section. Direct people to the fire stairs and
                                  prevent them from using lifts.
                              o   Attempt to extinguish the fire or control emergency
                                  situation having due regard to their own safety.

TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                          18
                            o   If the fire or emergency cannot be extinguished or
                                controlled the ERT member will,
                            o   Inform the ERT Lead
                            o   Evacuate all section staff
                            o   Isolate the incident by closing all possible doors: then
                            o   Report to the ERT Lead and act on any instructions
                            o   Do not allow anyone to enter the fire-affected area

                            o   If no fire or emergency is found the ERT member will

                            o   Inform the ERT Lead
                            o   Reassure staff the situation is under control and to
                                resume normal operations
             ERT members familiarize themselves with the area they represent, Note
             all means of escape from their section. Be familiar with the operation of
             installed firefighting equipment
                  •   Conduct staff roll calls at assembly points and report any
                      absences to the ERT lead (if applicable)
                  •   Raising the alarm, by operating manual break glass alarms, or by
                      contacting the ERT lead
                  •   When directed, guide occupants down the fire stairs to the
                      assembly area
                  •   Assisting mobility impaired people
                  •   Operating    first   attack   firefighting     equipment      (eg)   fire
                      extinguishers   and    hose      reels,   or   instigating   emergency
                      procedures
                  •   Searching a floor or area to ensure nobody has been left behind.
                      This includes checking toilets
                  •   Searching a floor or area for suspicious articles
                  •   Ensuring lifts are not used during the evacuation


             Equipment’s:

             Good Quality Torch, Floor plan of entire building identifying the following
             features:
                • Section Exits
                  •   Section Fire Fighting Equipment

TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                            19
                  •   Section Evacuation Assembly Areas
                  •   List of all on-duty staff and emergency contacts if applicable


             During evacuation, ERT Lead and members will be prepared to,

                  •   Wait until the fire stairs are clear before entering. If congested, wait
                      for a few moments and check again, or use an alternative exit
                  •   Lead the occupants down the stairs, preventing running or lagging
                      behind
                  •   Provide assistance to any occupant falling or tripping
                  •   Allow room for Emergency Services Personnel who may also be
                      using the fire stairs
                  •   Prevent any person from re-entering the floor or building, unless
                      authorized by the ERT lead or Officer-in-Charge of the Emergency
                      Services
                  •   Permit only non-bulky personal items, such as purses, wallets or
                      handbags, to be carried into the fire stairs.
             Evacuation Procedures:
             When an evacuation of a section is initiated by either a ERT lead or ERT
             member, the procedure is as follows:

                  •   Usher staff/visitors to the nearest exit as quickly and calmly as
                      possible
                  •   Check toilets and other areas for stragglers
                  •   Report to the ERT lead and act on any instructions
                  •   As far as possible all staff/visitors should remain in the assembly
                      area until the situation is stabilized
                  •   ERT member conducting searches of toilets etc. must report their
                      findings to the ERT lead. (Area clear or otherwise – mobility
                      impaired person’s locations)
                  •   Under no circumstances should staff members be permitted to go
                      back into the building for any reason, until advised safe to do so
                  •   Arrange assistance for handicapped persons
                  •   Secure cash and valuable documents (if safe to do so)
                  •   Evacuate with a minimum of personal material.
                  •   Where possible close doors and windows on departure


TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                           20
                    •   Prevention of panic is of paramount importance
                    •   Obey directions given by emergency services personnel
                    •   Keep all exists / entrances clear at all times
                    •   Do not allow anyone except Emergency Services personnel to re-
                        enter the building while the alarm is sounding
                    •   Should a person refuse to comply with the directions given by a
                        ERT Lead or ERT member,
                    •   Ensure the person has been clearly advised they are required to
                        evacuate the building, because of an emergency situation
                    •   Notify the ERT Lead, who will advise the Officer-in- Charge of the
                        Emergency Service who, at his discretion, may take the
                        appropriate action under law to remove the person


  5.8 Equipment protection
       Electrical and Electronic Equipment's:

       This includes Projectors, Television, and Photocopier, UPS, Air Conditioners
          • Access to air conditioners at server rooms will be restricted to only
                  admin and IT and maintenance engineer.
           •      Access to air conditioners at zone 2 is restricted to only authorize
                  persons.
           •      All equipment’s are provided with fire, peril and theft insurance


       Communication Equipment’s:

       This includes Telephones, Blackberry, VOIP phones, Video conferencing
       equipment, and Fax Machines,
          • Equipment’s will be located in appropriate locations, such as keeping
                  the Fax machine under Administration control, to avoid any misuse of
                  fax machine and also reduce the risk from environmental threats and
                  hazards.
           •      Shared resources like photocopiers and fax machines will be restricted
                  to Zone 2 only.
           •      Fax machines will be password protected to prevent misuse.



TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                        21
       •   Fax machine for general use will be kept under the custody of

           Administration, at the reception, and log will be maintained in a separate

           register where every employee who utilizes the fax machine will make an

           entry in the register, specifying details of the fax done. Personal use of Fax

           machine will not be allowed

                  •   All equipment’s are provided with fire, peril and theft insurance

                  •   Laptops, Blackberry are provided with additional insurance for

                      accidental loss, special perils


       Fire safety equipment’s:
              • Fire safety equipment is kept under the custody of the ERT.

       Cabling Security for Electrical & Telephone:
         • All network connection points will be marked and identified.
           •      Measures will be considered to protect network cabling within the
                  premises of Trianz, or premises where Trianz equipment is located, from
                  unauthorized interception or damage, for example by using conduit, or
                  by avoiding routes through public areas.
           •      All cables, including power and telecommunication cables, will be
                  protected from damage or unauthorized interception and cables shall
                  be laid beneath the wall, floor or any other interference such that the
                  cables are not exposed except at critical terminal points.
           •      Within Company premises, power and telecommunications lines will be
                  underground, where possible, or subject to adequate alternative
                  protection.
           •      Power cables shall be segregated from communication cables to
                  prevent interference.
           •      Admin team shall maintain the cabling infrastructure diagram or
                  obtain from the building management team and maintain, if required.
           •      Admin team shall establish a schedule for regular cable inspection and
                  maintenance. This includes checking for signs of wear, damage, or
                  exposure, and addressing any issues promptly. Replace damaged
                  cables or connectors as needed. In case of a security is a concern, the


TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                           22
                  admin team shall consider additional measures such as cable locks,
                  tamper-evident seals, or physical access controls to prevent
                  unauthorized access to cabling infrastructure.
           •      Admin team shall maintain detailed records of cable installations,
                  maintenance activities, and any changes made to the cabling
                  infrastructure. This documentation is valuable for future reference and
                  troubleshooting.
           •      Admin team in collaboration with the Building Management team shall
                  conduct periodic risk assessment on cabling security / infrastructure
                  and security audits to assess the overall effectiveness of your cabling
                  security measures. Risk Assessment and the security audit shall be
                  performed once a year or on a requirement basis. Trianz shall adjust the
                  practices and materials as necessary to address evolving threats or
                  changing environmental conditions.


       Information processing equipment’s:

       This includes desktops, laptops, servers, routers, switches,

           •      All information processing equipment’s will be protected by having a
                  log on process to prevent un-authorized physical access
                  •   Inventory Information processing equipment’s is maintained and

                      reviewed on a monthly basis

                  •   Laptop Allotment letters will be given to laptop users and each user

                      will be held accountable for safety of Laptop.

                  •   Environmental requirements

                  •   Temperature and Humidity for critical areas (work area, Server

                      room, Data centers, Hub room, etc.) shall be maintained within the

                      acceptable range (18 to 22 O C and below 65%).



  5.9 Equipment Maintenance:
       Electrical and Electronic Equipment:


TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                        23
       Please refer the Admin process (\\thehub\trianzqms) for the required
       procedure
       Communication Equipment:
       Please refer the Admin process (\\thehub\trianzqms) for the required
       procedure
       Fire safety equipment's:
       Please refer Admin Process (\\thehub\trianzqms) for the required
       procedure
       Information processing equipment:


                  •   laptops, servers, tapes,

                  •   IT Department will maintain list of all the critical IT hardware assets

                      along with their maintenance schedules as prescribed by

                      vendors/IT

                  •   Equipment will be maintained in accordance with the supplier’s

                      recommended service intervals and specifications

                  •   Only authorized maintenance personnel will be allowed to carry out

                      repairs and service equipment

                  •   Records will be kept of all suspected or actual faults and all

                      preventive and corrective maintenance

                  •   The maintenance personnel from vendors will be adequately

                      monitored during maintenance operations carried out in-house

                  •   In case the IT asset needs to be sent out for maintenance then,

                      documentation      is   prepared    to   ensure    traceability   and

                      accountability. Adequate packing and handling instructions are

                      given to the transporter for ensuring physical safety during transit.

                  •   Appropriate care will be taken when sending equipment off

                      premises for maintenance



TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                          24
                  •   Requirements of insurance policies relating to IT assets, if any, are

                      complied with

       Work Environment Maintenance
       Please refer Admin process for the required procedure


  5.10       Control of Movement of Assets:


             Trianz is bounded by STPI regulations. Proper protection will be provided
             for equipment and information that are taken outside Trianz premises.

                        •   The manufacturer’s instruction on equipment protection will be

                            adhered to.

                        •   Portable computers will be carried as hand luggage.

                        •   Magnetic media will be protected from exposure to strong

                            magnetic radiation and heat.

                        •   For any material going outside, gate pass will be initiated by

                            the concerned person, specifying the details of the material

                            going out and finally approved by administration department.

                            The gate pass must be completely filled and will indicate

                            whether the item is returnable or non-returnable. If item is

                            returnable then the tentative date of return will be indicated in

                            the gate pass and the item will be tracked for return by the

                            security. In case the item is not returned on the tentative date

                            of return as indicated in the gate pass, the security will inform

                            the Administration for follow up. Exceptions to this are laptops

                            issues by Trianz to its employees for work-related usage both

                            within Trianz premises or external to it.



TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                          25
                         •   The items, belonging to Trianz, that are to be brought inside the

                             office premises will have the prior approval from the

                             Administration. The inward register will be maintained by the

                             security to maintain the status of each of the inward items. If

                             laptop is brought inside the office premises by any third party,

                             will indicate the name of the person, contact address, time in,

                             contact no, person to meet, purpose of meeting and serial

                             number and manufacturer of the laptop.



  5.11 Physical Access Monitoring and Control
             o    CCTVs will be installed at all receptions, server rooms and entry/exit

                  points to monitor and track the movement of assets and prevent

                  tailgating

             o    Physical Access Control System will be monitored on a regular basis

                  to detect any intrusions

             o    Fire Alarms will be installed at zone 2 and zone 3 to detect and signal

                  fire

             o    CCTV footage shall be archived for minimum of 90 days.

             o    Physical access logs shall be stored for minimum of 365 days.



  5.12 Re-use, Disposal and Removal of Equipment
       Re-use of equipment:
             • All items of equipment containing storage media will be checked for

                   confidential information and the same will be backed up or removed

                   or securely overwritten prior to re-use based on business

                   requirements



TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                           26
                  •   All licensed software installed on the equipment will be removed if

                      not required while re-using the equipment.

                  •   Record of activities performed on the equipment before issuing the

                      same for re-use will be maintained.

                  •   Care will be taken to ensure no compromise of security while re-

                      using the equipment.



6. Exit Criteria and Output


  •   Physical Access Security Breach Identification and resolution.

  •   Data Centre personnel Awareness training

  •   Temperature monitoring.

  •   Utility Service Maintenance.



7. Roles and Responsibilities


  Role                      Responsibility                             Internal/Extern
                                                                       al
  Admin Team /              •   Responsible         for    reviewing, Internal /
  Building                      implementation and managing the External
  Management                    cabling security, UPS, Server room
  Team                          security, Fires equipment etc,.
                            •   Co – ordinates and guide the
                                Security personnels regarding the
                                physical and environmental security.
                            •   Performs physical access review on a
                                frequent basis.
  Security Personnel        •   Security Personnel is responsible for Internal
                                maintaining and monitoring physical
                                and environmental security and the

TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                          27
                               maintenance of registers, such as
                               visitor and vendor.
      Professional         •   The Professional Development team Internal
      Development / IS         in collaboration with the IS team is
      team                     responsible for creating, reviewing
                               and approving the data centre
                               Personnel training for the respective
                               persons.




8. Prerequisites

  8.1 Reference Policy, Process, Procedure, Templates, Checklist
       Document Name

          •   User Access Management Procedure

          •   Media Handling Policy

          •   Physical Access Control and Environmental Security Policy




9. Applicable Standards:

  •      ISO/IEC 27001:2022
  •      CSA Cloud Controls Matrix v4.0.8



10.      Exceptions(S):

         There is no exception to this policy.




TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                             28
11. Review:

  This Procedure shall be reviewed and approved once a year or at the time of any
  major change in the existing environment, whichever is earlier.



12. Appendix:
      None



13.ISO Control Mapping(s)


         Category of     ISO 27001:2022 Control            Document Name as per
         Control                                           ISO 27001:2022
         7.0 Physical    7.0 Physical Controls             Physical Access and
         Controls                                          Environmental Security
                                                           Procedure
         7.0 Physical    7.2 Physical entry                Physical Access and
         Controls                                          Environmental Security
                                                           Procedure

         7.0 Physical    7.3 Securing offices, rooms and   Physical Access and
         Controls        facilities                        Environmental Security
                                                           Procedure

         7.0 Physical    7.4 Physical security monitoring Physical Access and
         Controls                                         Environmental Security
                                                          Procedure

         7.0 Physical    7.5 Protecting against physical   Physical Access and
         Controls        and environmental threats         Environmental Security
                                                           Procedure

         7.0 Physical    7.6 Working in secure areas       Physical Access and
         Controls                                          Environmental Security
                                                           Procedure




TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                 29
         7.0 Physical   7.8 Equipment siting and     Physical Access and
         Controls       protection                   Environmental Security
                                                     Procedure

         7.0 Physical   7.9 Security of assets off   Physical Access and
         Controls       premises                     Environmental Security
                                                     Procedure

         7.0 Physical   7.11 Supporting utilities    Physical Access and
         Controls                                    Environmental Security
                                                     Procedure



         7.0 Physical   7.12 Cabling security        Physical Access and
         Controls                                    Environmental Security
                                                     Procedure




TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                           30
                                        Document Control

        Owner                                   Release ID
        CISO                                    PACES_PROC_0172




                   For Trianz Process Improvement Group (TPIG) Purpose Only
Version History
 Ver.                                Revie   Approv   Reason for             Change
                Date      Author
 No.                                 wer      er       Change            Description
 0.00      26-Feb-07      Jyotess                     Initial draft   None
                          h G Nair

 0.01      26-Feb-07      Jyotess                     Review          Review feedback
                          h G Nair                                    incorporated

 1.00      26-Feb-07      Jyotess                     Baseline is     Approved Baseline.
                          h G Nair                    approved
                                                      by Zulfikar
                                                      Deen.

 1.01      9-Mar-09       Bharate                     Risk               •   Changed the
                          esha B                      Assessment
                                                                             Physical
                          R                           Report and
                                                      Risk                   access
                                                      Mitigation             control
                                                      Plan
                                                                             framework.

                                                                         •   Incorporated

                                                                             provisions

                                                                             made in

                                                                             hardware

                                                                             lifecycle




 TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                         31
                      managemen

                      t policy

                  •   Changed the

                      Document

                      properties in

                      terms of

                      changing

                      ownership,

                      adding

                      custodian

                  •   Decreased

                      the number

                      of Zones

                      from 4 to 3 to

                      simplify and

                      increase the

                      coverage

                  •   Added

                      sections

                      Introduction,

                      definitions/a

                      cronyms/ter

                      ms.

                  •   Revised the

                      scope in line



TRIANZ INTERNAL                  32
                      with current

                      scope of the

                      ISMS.

                  •   Revised the

                      objectives to

                      align with

                      business

                      requirement

                      s

                  •   Added

                      Section

                      Perimeter

                      security to

                      provide the

                      controls

                      available for

                      perimeters

                      having trianz

                      information

                      assets based

                      on the risk

                      assessment

                  •   Provided

                      clarifications

                      on Physical



TRIANZ INTERNAL                  33
                      access

                      controls.

                  •   Added

                      sections

                      work

                      environment

                      regulation,

                      health and

                      safety

                      regulation,

                      and

                      emergency

                      and safety

                      services as a

                      result of risk

                      assessment

                      and risk

                      mitigation

                      plan

                  •   Included

                      sections

                      water supply

                      failure,

                      telecommuni

                      cation



TRIANZ INTERNAL                   34
                      failure, and

                      emergency

                      evacuation

                      procedure as

                      part of

                      protection

                      against

                      external and

                      environment

                      al threats

                  •   Added new

                      sections

                      electrical

                      and

                      electronic

                      equipments,

                      communicat

                      ion

                      equipments,

                      Fir fighting

                      equipments,

                      information

                      processing

                      equipments

                      as part of the



TRIANZ INTERNAL                  35
                        Equipment

                        protection to

                        provide

                        more clarity

                        and increase

                        coverage

                    •   Provided

                        more clarity

                        on section

                        equipment

                        maintenanc

                        e

                    •   Distinguishe

                        d monitoring

                        controls from

                        the physical

                        access

                        controls

                    •   Included a

                        new section

                        on re-use,

                        disposal and

                        removal of

                        equipments.

                  Reviewed and
                  removed the


TRIANZ INTERNAL                    36
                                              procedure for off-
                                              site equipment
                                              security
1.02    24-Mar-09   Bharate    Review by         •   Incorporated
                    esha B     Sujit Sahoo
                                                     changes to
                    R
                                                     Section 6.2.2,

                                                 •   Section 6.3.3

                                                     provided a

                                                     reference to

                                                     the ID card

                                                     Issue

                                                     process

                                              Section 6.5
                                              Provided examples
                                              to bring in clarity
2.00    29-Apr-09   Balu       Approval       Baselined
                    Nair       for baseline

2.01    31-Dec-09   Chakra     `QMG           Formatted entire
                    varthi     review         document

3.00    31-Dec-09   Chakra     Request for    Baselined
                    varthi     baseline

3.01    14-May-10   Balu       QMG            Formatted the
                    Nair       Review         document,
                                              Modified cover
                                              page
4.00    20-May-10   Balu       Request for    Baselined
                    Nair       baseline

4.01    24-May-11   Srilaksh   QMG            Modified release id
                    mi         Review         in header and
                                              cover page to
                                              make consistency

TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                37
5.00    24-May-11   Srilaksh   Approval       Baselined
                    mi         for Baseline

5.01    3-Aug-11    Sudhars    QMG review        •   Replace
                    ana
                                                     Owner with

                                                     Managemen

                                                     t

                                                     Representati

                                                     ve in place of

                                                     CIO

                                              In Document
                                              Classification
                                              Scheme, "Retention
                                              period is 3 Years"
                                              row is removed
6.00    3-Aug-11    Sudhars    Request for    Approved and
                    ana        baseline       Baselined

7.00    17-Sep-12   Srilaksh   ISMS              •   Modified
                    mi         Surveillance
                                                     template
                               audit
                               findings              format of

                                                     procedure as

                                                     per

                                                     documentati

                                                     on guidelines

                                              Modified section
                                              6.12 Re-use,
                                              Disposal and
                                              Removal of
                                              Equipment and
                                              referred template



TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                 38
7.01    25-Jan-16   Sumant                       Client Audit   Section Removal of
                    a                            and            equipment and
                    Bhattac                      alignment      disposal of
                    harya                        with shared    equipment’s are
                    and                          assessment     moved to Media
                                                                handling policy
                    Balu                         checklist.
                    Nair

8.00    08-Feb-16   Balu                         Approved       Baselined
                    Nair                         by Mahesh
                                                 (CISO)

8.01    29-Apr-19   Balu      Joshy                             •   Information
                    Nair      VM
                                                                    classification

                                                                    modified

                                                                Trianz logo
                                                                modified
9.0     14-May-19   Balu               Ganesh    Approved       Baselined
                    Nair               Arunac    for Release
                                       hala

9.1     12-May-20   Balu      Phani              For Review     Migrated to the
                    Nair      Krishn                            new template
                              a

10.0    15-May-     Balu      Phani    Phani     For            Approved and
        2020        Nair      Krishn   Krishna   Approval       Baselined
                              a

10.1    3-May-21    Divya     Phani    Phani     For review     Updated with new
                    Gongall   Krishn   Krishna                  information
                    a         a                                 classification

11.0    3-May-21    Divya     Phani    Phani     For            Approved and
                    Gongall   Krishn   Krishna   Approval       Baselined
                    a         a




TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                   39
11.0    4-Jan-22    Divya G             Karthik    For review   No changes

11.1    11-Jan-23   Sanjana             Karthik    For review   Reviewed with no
                    ,                                           changes

                    Rama
                                                                Migrated to new
                    Madhav                                      template
                    an

12.0    12-May-     Rama      Vijaya    Srikanth   For          Approved and
        2023        Madhav              M          Approval     Baselined
                    an

12.1    30 -Oct-    Kishore   Rakes                For Review   Made Changes in
        2023        and       h                                 line to CSA CCM
                    Vinod     Vijendr                           v4.0 requirements
                              a and
                              Balu
                              Nair

13.0    10-Nov-     Kishore   Rakes     Srikanth   For          Approved and
        2023        and       h         M          Approval     Baselined
                    Vinod     Vijendr
                              a and
                              Balu
                              Nair

13.1    11-feb-24   Shalini   Vijaya    Srikanth   For Review   Mapped to ISO 27k
                                                                2022 Physical
                                                                controls

14.0    23-Feb-24   Shalini   Vijaya    Srikanth   For          Approved and
                                                   Approval     Baselined


14.1    06-May-25   Balu      Vijaya               Yearly       Migrated to a new
                    Nair                           Review       Template

15.0    29-May-25   Balu      Vijaya    Srikanth   Yearly       Approved and
                    Nair                           Review       Baselined




TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                40
                                Contact Information
                                               Name

                                               Email

                                              Phone




                                  Thank You
                                     infosec@trianz.com




 The content in this document is copyrighted; any unauthorized use – in part or full – may violate the
 copyright, trademark, and other laws. This document may not be modified, reproduced, or publicly
   displayed, performed, or distributed, or used for any public or commercial purposes. The Trianz
 name and its products are subject to trademark and copyright protections, regardless of how and
                                          where referenced.




TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                                      41
