Physical Access and
Environmental Security
Framework




TRIANZ INTERNAL          trianz.com
                      Statement of Confidentiality

  The information contained in this document is internal to Trianz. It shall not be
  disclosed, duplicated, or used for any purpose other than that stated herein, in
  whole or in part, without the express written consent of Trianz.




                         Information Classification


     ☐ Public

     ☒ Internal

     ☐ Confidential

     ☐ Restricted




TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                  2
                                Table of Contents
1.   INTRODUCTION                                                5

2.   OBJECTIVES                                                  5

3.   SCOPE                                                       5

4.   DEFINITIONS/ACRONYMS/ABBREVIATIONS                          5

5.   REFERENCE(S)                                                6

6.   FRAMEWORK DESCRIPTION                                       6

     6.1 Zones Identification                                    6

     6.2 Perimeter Security                                      7

         6.2.1     Zone 1                                        7

         6.2.2     Zone 2                                        8

         6.2.3     Zone 3                                        8

     6.3 Physical Access Controls                                9

         6.3.1     Access Cards:                                 9

         6.3.2     Identity Cards:                               9

         6.3.3     Visitor Register                              10

         6.3.4     Access to Server Rooms                        10

     6.4 Work Environment Regulation                             10

     6.5 Health and Safety Regulation                            11

     6.6 Emergency and Safety Services                           12

     6.7 Protection against external and environmental Threats   12

         6.7.1     Fire protection                               12

         6.7.2     Lightning Protection                          12

         6.7.3     Telecommunication Failure                     13

         6.7.4     Water supply Failure                          13

         6.7.5     Power Failure                                 13


 TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                 3
        6.7.6      Emergency Lighting                 13

        6.7.7      Emergency Evacuation Procedure     13

     6.8 Equipment protection                         19

     6.9 Equipment Maintenance                        20

     6.10 Control of Movement of Assets               21

     6.11 Physical Access Monitoring and Control      22

     6.12 Re-use, Disposal and Removal of Equipment   22

7.   REFERENCE(S)                                     23

8.   ISO CONTROL MAPPING(S)                           23




 TRIANZ INTERNAL                                      4
1. Introduction
  Physical access control and environmental security are one of the first lines of
  defense in any organization to protect its information assets by creating several
  physical barriers around business, processes and information processing
  facilities. Controls should be put in place to monitor and control physical access
  into the organizational premises. In a well-designed security system, there are at
  least 4 layers of physical access security
      • Environmental design
      •    Mechanical and electronic access control
      •    Intrusion detection
      •    Video monitoring
  The goal is to convince potential attackers that the likely cost of attack exceed
  the value of making the attack.


2. Objectives
  The objective of this framework is to establish physical access controls to protect
  Trianz’s information assets from unauthorized physical access, damage and
  interference.


3. Scope
  This framework is applicable to information assets, all users (employees,
  consultants, contractors and third party) who have access to Trianz’s information
  processing systems and to the premises across Trianz.


4. Definitions/Acronyms/Abbreviations
      Word/Acronym/ Abbreviation                 Definition/Description

     BESCOM                            Bangalore Electricity Supply Company
                                       Limited

     MCB                               Miniature Circuit Breaker

     PBX                               Private Branch Exchange




TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                       5
      VOIP                              Voice over Internet Protocol

      UPS                               Uninterrupted Power Supply

      CCTV                              Closed Circuit Television

      ISWG                              Information Security Working Group

      CISO                              Chief Information Security Officer

      BS                                British Standards

      AC                                Air Conditioner



5. Reference(s)
  •   Information technology- Security techniques- Code of practice for information
      security management BS 7799-1: 2005


6. Framework Description

  6.1 Zones Identification
       At Trianz, we have identified the following zones based on the security
       category of information assets within the specific area under consideration.
       Zone 1: Those areas open to public, company employees, third party service
       providers, contractors. Areas include receptions, discussion rooms, cafeteria,
       lounge, company premises,
       Zone 2: Those areas not open to public but open to company staff, third party
       service providers, and contractors. Areas include company working areas,
       conference rooms, employee cabins, pantry, boardrooms, and training
       rooms
       Zone 3: Those areas open to only those with authorized access. This is
       applicable to all irrespective of whether the person is a company staff, third
       party service provider, and contractor. Areas include server rooms,
       equipment rooms, file cabinets, AC control rooms, UPS Rooms.
       In order to identify the zones, board displaying the zone number will be
       displayed visibly in the zone entry point, in every case.




TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                     6
  6.2 Perimeter Security

       6.2.1 Zone 1
              Office Building
                  • Office building will be protected by having security guards 24/7
                     at various entry points
                  •   Any employee having a visitor will accompany him/her by
                      registering his name and employee ID at the office building
              Reception
                 • Reception will have security guards 24/7 monitoring the
                      movement of people, materials
                  •   Reception area will not have any signs of display of information
                      which is either confidential or internal use only.
              Loading and Unloading Areas
                 • Access to Loading and Unloading areas will be provided to only
                    those who have been authorized by Trianz. This includes
                    employees, third party service providers, contractors.
                  •   Under no circumstances, visitors will be allowed to access the
                      loading and unloading areas.
                  •   Loading and unloading areas will be designed to prevent delivery
                      personnel have access to other parts of the building
                  •   Avoid use of main access for movement of heavy equipment
                      and/or heavy Cargo, utilize loading bay facility where available.
                  •   Hydrogen sensors shall be deployed in areas where Lead-acid
                      batteries are used.


              Discussion Rooms
                 • Discussion rooms will be designed to prevent the visitor from
                      having access to information which is not for public consumption
                  •   Discussion rooms will be located far from Zone 2 and Zone 3 to
                      the extent possible.
                  •   Discussion rooms will not have any form of display of information
                      which is Trianz confidential or internal use only.




TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                      7
       6.2.2 Zone 2
              Cabins
                • Cabin walls will be sound proof to the extent possible to ensure
                   confidentiality.
                  •   Placing of Information processing equipment will be made in
                      such a way so as to prevent disclosure of information to
                      unauthorized sources
                  •   Tinted glasses will be used to prevent easy access to confidential
                      information.
                  •   Cabins will be protected by locking the doors when in unattended
                      state to prevent unauthorized physical access
              Work Areas, Conference Rooms, Training Rooms, Boardrooms
                • No visitor will be allowed to enter into working areas or
                   conference rooms or training rooms unless there is a business
                   need and in such cases, the visitor will be always accompanied
                   by the concerned employee
                  •   Workstations will be designed         to   prevent   disclosure   of
                      confidential information.
                  •   Conference, training rooms, and board rooms will be provided
                      with locker facility to prevent theft of any equipment when in
                      unattended state.
                  •   No form of display of confidential information will be allowed in
                      conference and training rooms and working areas.
                  •   Conference rooms and training room walls will be sound proof to
                      the extent possible, tinted glasses will be used to prevent leakage
                      of confidential information to unauthorized resources.
                  •   Display boards, projectors, will be located to prevent disclosure of
                      confidential information to unauthorized resources.
                  •   Record of trainings, meetings held at training and conference
                      rooms will be maintained


       6.2.3 Zone 3
             Server Rooms




TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                         8
                  •   Server rooms will be positioned and the viewing angle restricted
                      to reduce the risk of information being viewed by unauthorized
                      resources
                  •   Server rooms will be protected to prevent theft of equipment.
                  •   Access to server rooms will be registered.
                  •   Server rooms will be fitted with tinted glasses to prevent leakage
                      of information to unauthorized resources
                  •   Server rooms will be protected by locking the doors when in
                      unattended state to prevent unauthorized physical access
                  •   Exterior facing windows/door forced open and breakage alarm
                      should be present for all areas.
                  •   ZONE-3 area on Ground floor and areas susceptible for flooding
                      shall be deployed with fluid or water sensor.


  6.3 Physical Access Controls

       6.3.1 Access Cards:
             Physical access will be controlled using access control system which
             will be electronic in nature. Physical access will be provided based on
             the verification of access information provided at the entry points. The
             following information will be verified to provide the required access
             Access card number
             Employee name
             Employee ID
             Access cards will be issued to only employees and contractors.


       6.3.2 Identity Cards:
             The following type of identity cards will be issued to employees,
             contractors, third party service providers, and visitors.
             Employee Identity Card: Employees
             Temporary Identity Card: Employees, Contractors, Third Party Service
             providers. Please refer Admin process for details on the procedure for
             issuing temporary ID cards
             Visitor Card: Visitors
             Physical access will be provided based on the display of both access
             and identity cards.

TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                        9
              Access during non-working hours: Any employee and / or contractor/
              or third-party service provider, who need access on any working day
              beyond 2100 Hours, will sign in a “Late Exit” register, provided with the
              security guard at reception, while leaving.
              Access during non-working days: Access during non-working days will
              be restricted to only employees, contractors. A separate register will be
              maintained for all employees and / or contractors visiting office on any
              off working hours (including week-ends and holidays), which should be
              filled in by the designated employee and / or contractors.

              Access rights to access cards
              Access to third party service providers will be allowed based on
              business need and approvals from relevant authority.
              Refer Admin process at Trianz QMS for more information on issuance of
              identity and access cards.



       6.3.3 Visitor Register
              Visitor register will be maintained to track the movement of visitors
              including third party service providers
              Online visitor web application is in place of the register.


       6.3.4 Access to Server Rooms
              Access to server rooms will be restricted to authorized individuals and
              enabled on the access control system. Access register will be maintained
              to track the access to server rooms.


  6.4 Work Environment Regulation
          o   Personnel in zone 2 and zone 3 should only be aware of existence of
              activities within that area on a need to know basis
          o   Unsupervised working in zone 2 and 3 will be avoided both for safety
              reasons and to prevent opportunities for malicious activities
          o   Vacant areas in zone 2 and zone 3 will be physically locked and
              periodically checked wherever possible.
          o   Confidential Information will not be kept in any form on work desks unless
              required it is absolutely required to prevent leakage of information.


TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                      10
          o   All employees, contractors, third party service provider, and visitors will
              be required to wear, and display, the identity cards issued to them all the
              time while present in the Zone 2 and 3.
          o   No employee of Trianz is supposed to bring any media like Floppies, CDs,
              DVDs, USB Drives, Tapes, portable Hard Disks, personal laptops, video
              cameras, etc, to Trianz premises, without written permission from the
              head of Administration. The media can be deposited at reception, if
              brought by any employee. Any Media taken inside without declaration
              will be considered as serious policy violation. Users will be subjected to a
              random check to verify this. However, Video Cameras can be used in
              Zone 1 areas. Mobile cameras are permitted inside with a self-restrain
              that employees will not use them inside areas classified as Zone 3, any
              misuse of mobile camera usage will be considered a serious security
              violation
          o   If an employee wants to bring any information inside the organization,
              which is currently stored on his/her CD, floppy, USB drive or laptop etc., he
              or she will take a prior approval from the Head of Department and IT
              manager through IT service request and handover the device to the Front
              desk personnel in the reception area and inform the admin department.
              The admin department will arrange to provide access of the data to the
              user. Admin department will hand over the device to the Front desk
              person after the activity is over


  6.5 Health and Safety Regulation
          o   Smoking is strictly prohibited at all zones except smoking areas identified
              under the office premises
          o   Combustible and hazardous materials are strictly prohibited and if there
              is a business need, the same will be stored at a safe distance from zone
              2 and 3.
          o   Beverages, food and other eatables are expressly prohibited in zone 3.
              Zone 2 will also be subject to this restriction except in those
              circumstances where there is absolute business need. eg: client visits,
              board meetings, and Pantry.
          o   Equipment which emit electromagnetic radiations are strictly prohibited
          o   Bursting of fire crackers is strictly prohibited at all zones unless
              authorized.


TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                         11
          o    Medical Kits will be kept at the reception and with admin team.


  6.6 Emergency and Safety Services
       Emergency and Safety services contact list will be kept with the admin
       department and be displayed at selected locations on the floor. The same
       will be reviewed and kept current by interacting with relevant authorities


  6.7 Protection against external and environmental Threats

       6.7.1   Fire protection
                  ▪   Smoke detectors will be located above the false ceilings at each
                      floor. Manual call points will be provided in each floor to raise
                      alarms manually in case of emergencies / disasters.
                  ▪   Fire extinguishers will be provided in each floor and also within the
                      office premises. Different types of fire extinguishers will be used to
                      extinguish fires in different situations. For e.g. in the server rooms
                      gas based fire extinguishers will be used.
                  ▪   All fire exits will be prominently marked for easy visibility. The keys
                      to the fire exit doors will be kept in a small glass box besides the
                      fire exit, which can be broken and keys could be retrieved in
                      emergency situations. Duplicate keys of the fire exit will be
                      available on request, from the Head of Administration. At all other
                      times, the emergency exit will be kept locked.
                  ▪   To keep a check on proper working of fire safety equipment, a
                      periodic check will be done within the expiry time specified by the
                      manufacturer of the equipment.
                  ▪   Fire drills will be carried out (once a year) so that an employee is
                      aware of steps to be taken in case of fire. Smoke detectors will also
                      be checked for their proper working when fire drills are carried out
                  ▪   Emergency Power off switch will be provided to prevent cascading
                      of fire into multiple floors


       6.7.2 Lightning Protection
               The building power supply and distribution is made through MCB’s,
               which are mounted in metal box. All power points are safely grounded


TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                           12
              to the earthing-pits, by flat long copper plates inserted in the building
              wall.


       6.7.3 Telecommunication Failure
                  ▪    In case of PBX communication failure, another PBX facility, VOIP
                       facility will be provided
                  ▪    In case of VOIP failure, alternate service provider network will be
                       activated for the period of time the default network is down.


       6.7.4 Water supply Failure
          o   The office building owner will ensure that back up water supply is
              available in case of primary supply failure


       6.7.5 Power Failure
          o   Information processing equipment will be protected from power failures
              and other electrical anomalies including voltage surges and spikes.
              Information assets will be protected from damage due to power failures.
              All the computers and related electronic devices will be connected to
              power supply from UPS.
          o   UPS will be checked regularly to ensure that they provide adequate
              power output. A maintenance plan, including periodic tests and
              servicing, will be followed for UPS equipment.
          o   Backup Generator will be put into operation in case of failure of UPS.
          o   Critical areas (Data centers, hub rooms, server room etc.) shall have
              power redundancy like multiple powers feed, stand by UPS, DG set etc.


       6.7.6 Emergency Lighting
              Emergency Lighting Facility is available at specific locations on the
              floor.


       6.7.7 Emergency Evacuation Procedure
              Introduction:
              The objective of emergency evacuation procedures is to familiarize all
              members of the Emergency Response Team (ERT) with the emergency
              procedures in place to facilitate safe, orderly and timely evacuation

TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                           13
             when necessary.
             General Information:
             Emergency Exits:
             Emergency exits are provided on the floor closer to the staircase entries.
             Emergency Lighting:
             Emergency Lighting facility has been provided at selected locations on
             the floor to facilitate safe evacuation in the case of an emergency.
             Air Conditioning: The floor’s air-conditioning system will shut down
             automatically on the declaration of an emergency
             Fire Alarms:
             Fire Alarms are provided at each floor to facilitate easy determination
             of fire.
             Fire Extinguishers:
             Fire extinguishers are kept at selected locations on the floor based on
             the location of critical information processing facilities.
             Emergency Response Team (ERT):
             At Trianz , ERT consists of ERT Lead and his deputy assisted by number
             ERT members appointed for each section. ERT lead will report to the
             Building ERT head in regard to the implementation of building
             evacuation plan, coordination of building evacuations, and the proper
             maintenance of building fire safety equipment. The standard working
             day at Trianz inclusive of lunch break is 9 hours. This may be worked
             between 8.00 a.m. till 6.00 p.m., Monday to Friday. Outside these times,
             or when it may be reasonably assumed that the members of ERT are
             not in company premises, the duty or security officer will assume the
             responsibilities of ERT.
             ERT Lead Responsibilities:
                           • The ERT lead will be responsible for maintaining an up-
                               to-date list of their ERT. He / She will also nominate a
                               person for the position of Deputy Building Warden who
                               will undertake their duties in their absence
                          •   Arranging and co-coordinating evacuation exercise
                          •   Accurately logging the performance of, and any
                              problems encountered during exercises
                          •   Conducting debriefing after practice evacuations
                          •   Continually striving to improve the effectiveness of the
                              plan


TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                     14
                          •   Ensuring an update list of the names and location of
                              workplaces of mobility impaired persons is kept
             On hearing the fire alarm sounding or on being advised of an
             emergency situation, the ERT Lead will immediately
                          • Ensure the relevant emergency service has been called
                          •   Proceed to the fire indicator panel
                          •   Inform the affected Section using the PA system or
                              runner and initiate a search or instigate designated
                              actions
                          •   Reassure staff/students that the alarm / emergency is
                              being investigated
             If a fire / or emergency has been found, the ERT Lead will
                             • Evacuate the Section immediately (if not already under
                                way)
                          •   Inform building ERT head / security of the situation
                          •   Consider evacuation of entire premises
                          •   Meet the emergency services, building ERT head
                              /security on arrival and inform them of the situation
             If no fire / emergency is found, the ERT head will
                          •   Inform staff of the false alarm
                          •   Meet the emergency service on arrival and inform them
                              of the situation
             Equipment: Good Quality Torch, emergency procedures
             documentation, Floor plan of the entire building identifying,
                         • Different sections of the floor
                          •   Section ERT members
                          •   Location of Fire Fighting equipment
                          •   Location of Exits
                          •   Fire Indicator Panel
                          •   List of All on duty staff, where applicable
             Deputy ERT Lead Responsibilities:
                          • The Deputy ERT lead will assume the duties and
                            responsibilities of the ERT lead whenever the ERT Lead is
                              absent from the premises



TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                      15
                         •   The ERT Lead and the deputy ERT Lead will never be
                             simultaneously absent from the building
                         •   The deputy ERT Lead will have the same equipment as
                             the ERT Lead
             ERT Members Responsibilities:
                        • ERT members will be appointed for the purpose of
                           directing and controlling the emergency procedures as
                           directed by the ERT Lead
                         •   ERT members have the authority to evacuate their area
                             of responsibility if they consider there is any danger to
                             staff, students or visitors
                         •   On activation of the fire alarm or emergency actions, ERT
                             members may receive instructions from the ERT lead. On
                             receipt of instructions they will either

                             o      Direct section staff to reassure staff whilst at the
                                    same time preparing to evacuate; and / or

                             o      Initiate a search or emergency procedures of their
                                    section
                         •   If a fire or emergency situation is found the ERT member
                             will

                             o      Inform the ERT Lead

                             o      Evacuate the section. Direct people to the fire stairs
                                    and prevent them from using lifts

                             o      Attempt to extinguish the fire or control emergency
                                    situation having due regard to their own safety
                         •   If the fire or emergency cannot be extinguished or
                             controlled the ERT member will

                             o      Inform the ERT Lead

                             o      Evacuate all section staff

                             o      Isolate the incident by closing all possible doors:
                                    then

                             o      Report to the ERT Lead and act on any instructions

                             o      Do not allow anyone to enter the fire-affected area


TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                            16
                            •   If no fire or emergency is found the ERT member will

                                o     Inform the ERT Lead

                                o     Reassure staff the situation is under control and to
                                      resume normal operations
                            •   ERT members familiarize themselves with the area they
                                represent
                            •   Note all means of escape from their section
                            •   Be familiar with the operation of installed firefighting
                                equipment
                            •   Conduct staff roll calls at assembly points and report
                                any absences to the ERT lead (if applicable)
                            •   Raising the alarm, by operating manual break glass
                                alarms, or by contacting the ERT lead
                            •   When directed, guide occupants down the fire stairs to
                                the assembly area
                            •   Assisting mobility impaired people
                            •   Operating first attack firefighting equipment (eg) fire
                                extinguishers and hose reels, or instigating emergency
                                procedures
                            •   Searching a floor or area to ensure nobody has been left
                                behind. This includes checking toilets
                            •   Searching a floor or area for suspicious articles
                            •   Ensuring lifts are not used during the evacuation
             Equipment: Good Quality Torch, Floor plan of entire building identifying
             the following features:
                  •   Section Exits
                  •   Section Fire Fighting Equipment
                  •   Section Evacuation Assembly Areas
                  •   List of all on-duty staff and emergency contacts if applicable
             During evacuation, ERT Lead and members will be prepared to
                • Wait until the fire stairs are clear before entering. If congested, wait
                      for a few moments and check again, or use an alternative exit
                  •   Lead the occupants down the stairs, preventing running or lagging
                      behind


TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                          17
                  •   Provide assistance to any occupant falling or tripping
                  •   Allow room for Emergency Services Personnel who may also be
                      using the fire stairs
                  •   Prevent any person from re-entering the floor or building, unless
                      authorized by the ERT lead or Officer-in-Charge of the Emergency
                      Services
                  •   Permit only non-bulky personal items, such as purses, wallets or
                      handbags, to be carried into the fire stairs
             Evacuation Procedures:
             When an evacuation of a section is initiated by either a ERT lead or ERT
             member, the procedure is as follows:
               • Usher staff/visitors to the nearest exit as quickly and calmly as
                      possible
                  •   Check toilets and other areas for stragglers
                  •   Report to the ERT lead and act on any instructions
                  •   As far as possible all staff/visitors should remain in the assembly
                      area until the situation is stabilized
                  •   ERT member conducting searches of toilets etc. must report their
                      findings to the ERT lead. (Area clear or otherwise – mobility
                      impaired persons locations)
                  •   Under no circumstances should staff members be permitted to go
                      back into the building for any reason, until advised safe to do so
                  •   Arrange assistance for handicapped persons
                  •   Secure cash and valuable documents (if safe to do so)
                  •   Evacuate with a minimum of personal material.
                  •   Where possible close doors and windows on departure
                  •   Prevention of panic is of paramount importance
                  •   Obey directions given by emergency services personnel
                  •   Keep all exists / entrances clear at all times
                  •   Do not allow anyone except Emergency Services personnel to re-
                      enter the building while the alarm is sounding
                  •   Should a person refuse to comply with the directions given by a
                      ERT Lead or ERT member,




TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                       18
                              •   Ensure the person has been clearly advised they are
                                  required to evacuate the building, because of an
                                  emergency situation
                              •   Notify the ERT Lead, who will advise the Officer-in-
                                  Charge of the Emergency Service who, at his discretion,
                                  may take the appropriate action under law to remove
                                  the person


  6.8 Equipment protection
       Electrical and Electronic Equipment: This includes Projectors, Television, and
       Photocopier, UPS, Air Conditioners
           •      Access to air conditioners at server rooms will be restricted to only
                  admin and IT and maintenance engineer
           •      Access to air conditioners at zone 2 is restricted to only authorize
                  persons.
           •      All equipment is provided with fire, peril, and theft insurance
       Communication Equipment: This includes Telephones, Blackberry, VOIP
       phones, Video conferencing equipment, and Fax Machines
         • Equipment will be located in appropriate locations, such as keeping the
                  Fax machine under Administration control, to avoid any misuse of fax
                  machine and also reduce the risk from environmental threats and
                  hazards.
           •      Shared resources like photocopier and fax machines will be restricted
                  to Zone 2 only.
           •      Fax machines will be password protected to prevent misuse.
           •            Fax machine for general use will be kept under the custody of
                  Administration, at the Reception, and log will be maintained in a
                  separate register where every employee who utilizes the fax machine
                  will make an entry in the register, specifying details of the fax done.
                  Personal use of Fax machine will not be allowed
           •      All equipment is provided with fire, peril and theft insurance
           •      Laptops, Blackberry are provided with additional insurance for
                  accidental loss, special perils
       Fire safety equipment:
           • Fire safety equipment are kept under the custody of the ERT.
       Cabling Security:

TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                       19
           •      All network connection points will be marked and identified.
           •      Measures will be considered to protect network cabling within the
                  premises of Trianz, or premises where Trianz equipment is located, from
                  unauthorized interception or damage, for example by using conduit, or
                  by avoiding routes through public areas.
           •      All cables, including power and telecommunication cables, will be
                  protected from damage or unauthorized interception.
           •      Within Company premises, power and telecommunications lines will be
                  underground, where possible, or subject to adequate alternative
                  protection.
           •      Power cables will be segregated from communication cables to
                  prevent interference.
       Information processing equipment: This includes desktops, laptops, servers,
       routers, switches
          • All information processing equipment will be protected by having a log
             on process to prevent un-authorized physical access
           •      Inventory Information processing equipment is maintained and
                  reviewed on a monthly basis
           •      Laptop Allotment letters will be given to laptop users and each user will
                  be held accountable for safety of Laptop.
       Environmental requirements
           •      Temperature and Humidity for critical areas (work area, Server room,
                  Data centers, Hub room, etc.) shall be maintained with in the
                  acceptable range (18 to 22 O C and below 65%).




  6.9 Equipment Maintenance
       Electrical and Electronic Equipment:
       Please refer the Admin process (\\thehub\trianzqms) for the required
       procedure
       Communication Equipment:
       Please refer the Admin process (\\thehub\trianzqms) for the required
       procedure
       Fire safety equipment:
       Please refer Admin Process (\\thehub\trianzqms) for the required
       procedure

TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                        20
       Information processing equipment:
           • IT will ensure proper maintenance of the Information processing
             equipment like desktops, laptops, servers, tapes
           •      IT Department will maintain list of all the critical IT hardware assets
                  along with their maintenance schedules as prescribed by vendors/IT
           •      Equipment will be maintained in accordance with the supplier’s
                  recommended service intervals and specifications
           •      Only authorized maintenance personnel will be allowed to carry out
                  repairs and service equipment
           •      Records will be kept of all suspected or actual faults and all preventive
                  and corrective maintenance
           •      The maintenance personnel from vendors will be adequately
                  monitored during maintenance operations carried out in-house
           •      In case the IT asset needs to be sent out for maintenance then,
                  documentation is prepared to ensure traceability and accountability.
                  Adequate packing and handling instructions are given to the
                  transporter for ensuring physical safety during transit.
           •      Appropriate care will be taken when sending equipment off premises
                  for maintenance
           •      Requirements of insurance policies relating to IT assets, if any, are
                  complied with
       Work Environment Maintenance
       Please refer Admin process for the required procedure




  6.10         Control of Movement of Assets
           Trianz is bounded by STPI regulations. Proper protection will be provided
           for equipment and information that are taken outside Trianz premises.
               • The manufacturer’s instruction on equipment protection will be
                      adhered to.
                  •   Portable computers will be carried as hand luggage.
                  •   Magnetic media will be protected from exposure to strong magnetic
                      radiation and heat.




TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                         21
                  •   For any material going outside, gate pass will be initiated by the
                      concerned person, specifying the details of the material going out
                      and finally approved by administration department. The gate pass
                      must be completely filled and will indicate whether the item is
                      returnable or non-returnable. If item is returnable then the tentative
                      date of return will be indicated in the gate pass and the item will be
                      tracked for return by the security. In case the item is not returned on
                      the tentative date of return as indicated in the gate pass, the
                      security will inform the Administration for follow up. Exceptions to this
                      are laptops issues by Trianz to its employees for work-related usage
                      both within Trianz premises or external to it.
                  •   The items, belonging to Trianz, that are to be brought inside the
                      office premises will have the prior approval from the Administration.
                      The inward register will be maintained by the security to maintain
                      the status of each of the inward items. If laptop is brought inside the
                      office premises by any third party, will indicate the name of the
                      person, contact address, time in, contact no, person to meet,
                      purpose of meeting and serial number and manufacturer of the
                      laptop.


  6.11 Physical Access Monitoring and Control
          o   CCTVs will be installed at all receptions, server rooms and entry/exit
              points to monitor and track the movement of assets and prevent
              tailgating
          o   Physical Access Control System will be monitored on a regular basis to
              detect any intrusions
          o   Fire Alarms will be installed at zone 2 and zone 3 to detect and signal fire
          o   CCTV footage shall be archived for minimum of 90 days.
          o   Physical access logs shall be stored for minimum of 365 days.


  6.12 Re-use, Disposal and Removal of Equipment
       Re-use of equipment:
          • All items of equipment containing storage media will be checked for
             confidential information and the same will be backed up or removed or
                  securely overwritten prior to re-use based on business requirements



TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                            22
           •      All licensed software installed on the equipment will be removed if not
                  required while re-using the equipment.
           •      Record of activities performed on the equipment before issuing the
                  same for re-use will be maintained.
           •      Care will be taken to ensure no compromise of security while re-using
                  the equipment.




7. Reference(s)
  •   User Access Management Procedure
  •   Media Handling Policy




8. ISO Control Mapping(s)


         Category of         ISO 27001:2022 Control              Document Name as
         Control                                                 per ISO 27001:2022
         Physical            7.0 Physical Controls           Physical Access Control
         Controls            7.7 Clear desk and clear screen and Environmental
                             Control Clear desk rules for Security
                             papers and removable storage
                             media and clear screen rules for
                             information processing facilities
                             shall be defined and
                             appropriately enforced.




TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                       23
  For Trianz Process Improvement Group (TPIG) Purpose Only

  Version History

                     Review   Approve                Reason
Ver.
         Author        er        r           Date         for        Change Description
No.
                                                    Change

0.00   Jyotessh                         26-Feb-     Initial          •   None
       G Nair                           07          draft

0.01   Jyotessh                         26-Feb-     Review           •   Review feedback
       G Nair                           07                               incorporated

1.00   Jyotessh                         26-Feb-     Baseline         •   Approved
       G Nair                           07          is                   Baseline.
                                                    approve
                                                    d           by
                                                    Zulfikar
                                                    Deen.

1.01   Bharatee                         9-Mar-      Risk             •   Changed the
       sha B R                          09          Assessm              Physical access
                                                    ent                  control
                                                    Report               framework.
                                                    and Risk         •   Incorporated
                                                                         provisions made
                                                    Mitigatio
                                                                         in hardware
                                                    n Plan
                                                                         lifecycle
                                                                         management
                                                                         policy
                                                                     •   Changed the
                                                                         Document
                                                                         properties in
                                                                         terms of changing
                                                                         ownership, adding
                                                                         custodian
                                                                     •   Decreased the
                                                                         number of Zones
                                                                         from 4 to 3 to

   TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                      24
                    Review   Approve          Reason
Ver.
        Author        er        r      Date    for     Change Description
No.
                                              Change

                                                           simplify and
                                                           increase the
                                                           coverage
                                                       •   Added sections
                                                           Introduction,
                                                           definitions/acrony
                                                           ms/terms.
                                                       •   Revised the scope
                                                           in line with current
                                                           scope of the ISMS.
                                                       •   Revised the
                                                           objectives to align
                                                           with business
                                                           requirements
                                                       •   Added Section
                                                           Perimeter security
                                                           to provide the
                                                           controls available
                                                           for perimeters
                                                           having trianz
                                                           information
                                                           assets based on
                                                           the risk
                                                           assessment
                                                       •   Provided
                                                           clarifications on
                                                           Physical access
                                                           controls.
                                                       •   Added sections
                                                           work environment
                                                           regulation, health
                                                           and safety
                                                           regulation, and
                                                           emergency and


  TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                         25
                    Review   Approve          Reason
Ver.
        Author        er        r      Date    for     Change Description
No.
                                              Change

                                                           safety services as
                                                           a result of risk
                                                           assessment and
                                                           risk mitigation
                                                           plan
                                                       •   Included sections
                                                           water supply
                                                           failure,
                                                           telecommunicatio
                                                           n failure, and
                                                           emergency
                                                           evacuation
                                                           procedure as part
                                                           of protection
                                                           against external
                                                           and
                                                           environmental
                                                           threats
                                                       •   Added new
                                                           sections electrical
                                                           and electronic
                                                           equipment,
                                                           communication
                                                           equipment, Fir
                                                           fighting
                                                           equipment,
                                                           information
                                                           processing
                                                           equipment as
                                                           part of the
                                                           Equipment
                                                           protection to
                                                           provide more
                                                           clarity and


  TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                          26
                    Review   Approve             Reason
Ver.
        Author        er        r       Date          for       Change Description
No.
                                                 Change

                                                                    increase
                                                                    coverage
                                                                •   Provided more
                                                                    clarity on section
                                                                    equipment
                                                                    maintenance
                                                                •   Distinguished
                                                                    monitoring
                                                                    controls from the
                                                                    physical access
                                                                    controls
                                                                •   Included a new
                                                                    section on re-use,
                                                                    disposal and
                                                                    removal of
                                                                    equipment.
                                                                •   Reviewed and
                                                                    removed the
                                                                    procedure for off-
                                                                    site equipment
                                                                    security
1.02   Bharatee                        24-Mar-   Review         •   Incorporated
       sha B R                         09        by     Sujit       changes to
                                                 Sahoo              Section 6.2.2,
                                                                •   Section 6.3.3
                                                                    provided a
                                                                    reference to the ID
                                                                    card Issue
                                                                    process
                                                                •   Section 6.5
                                                                    Provided
                                                                    examples to bring
                                                                    in clarity



  TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                    27
                    Review   Approve                Reason
Ver.
           Author     er        r           Date         for   Change Description
No.
                                                   Change

2.00   Balu Nair                       29-Apr-     Approval    •   Baselined
                                       09          for
                                                   baseline

2.01   Chakrava                        31-Dec-     `QMG        •   Formatted entire
       rthi                            09          review          document

3.00   Chakrava                        31-Dec-     Request     •   Baselined
       rthi                            09          for
                                                   baseline

3.01   Balu Nair                       14-May-     QMG         •   Formatted the
                                       10          Review          document,
                                                                   Modified cover
                                                                   page
4.00   Balu Nair                       20-May-     Request     •   Baselined
                                       10          for
                                                   baseline

4.01   Srilakshm                       24-May-     QMG         •   Modified release
       i                               11          Review          id in header and
                                                                   cover page to
                                                                   make consistency
5.00   Srilakshm                       24-May-     Approval    •   Baselined
       i                               11          for
                                                   Baseline

5.01   Sudharsa                        3-Aug-11    QMG         •   Replace Owner
       na                                          review          with Management
                                                                   Representative in
                                                                   place of CIO
                                                               •   In Document
                                                                   Classification
                                                                   Scheme,
                                                                   "Retention period


  TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                               28
                        Review    Approve                   Reason
Ver.
              Author      er         r           Date         for            Change Description
No.
                                                            Change

                                                                                 is 3 Years" row is
                                                                                 removed
6.00      Sudharsa                          3-Aug-11    Request              •   Approved and
          na                                            for                      Baselined
                                                        baseline

7.00      Srilakshm                         17-Sep-12   ISMS                 •   Modified template
          i                                             Surveilla                format of
                                                        nce audit                procedure as per
                                                        findings                 documentation
                                                                                 guidelines
                                                                             •   Modified section
                                                                                 6.12 Re-use,
                                                                                 Disposal and
                                                                                 Removal of
                                                                                 Equipment and
                                                                                 referred template
7.01      Sumanta                           25-Jan-     Client               •   Section Removal
          Bhattach                          16          Audit and                of equipment and
          arya and                                      alignmen                 disposal of
          Balu Nair                                     t       with             equipment’s are
                                                        shared                   moved to Media
                                                                                 handling policy
                                                        assessm
                                                        ent
                                                        checklist.

8.00      Balu Nair                         08-Feb-     Approve              •   Baselined
                                            16          d           by
                                                        Mahesh
                                                        (CISO)

8.1       Divya         Phani     Phani     21-Jan-21   For              •   Updated with new
          Gongalla      Krishna   Krishna               review               information
                                                                             classification


      TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                           29
                        Review    Approve                Reason
Ver.
            Author        er          r        Date            for       Change Description
No.
                                                         Change

9.0       Divya         Phani     Phani      21-Jan-21   For         •   Approved and
          Gongalla      Krishna   Krishna                Approval        Baselined

9.1       Shalini       Vijaya    Srikanth   11-Feb-24   For         •   Mapped with new iso
                                                         Review          27k 2022 physical
                                                                         controls

                                                                     •

10.0      Shalini       Vijaya    Srikanth   23-Feb-     For         •   Approved and
                                             24          Approval        Baselined

10.1      Balu Nair     Vijaya               06-May-                 •   Migrated to a new
                                             25                          Template


11.0      Balu          Vijaya    Srikanth   29-May-     For         •   Approved and
          Naiar                              25          Approval        Baselined




      TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                        30
                                Contact Information
                                               Name

                                               Email

                                              Phone




                                  Thank You
                                     infosec@trianz.com




 The content in this document is copyrighted; any unauthorized use – in part or full – may violate the
 copyright, trademark, and other laws. This document may not be modified, reproduced, or publicly
   displayed, performed, or distributed, or used for any public or commercial purposes. The Trianz
 name and its products are subject to trademark and copyright protections, regardless of how and
                                          where referenced.


TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                                      31
