Encryption Key
Management Policy




TRIANZ INTERNAL     trianz.com
                           Statement of Confidentiality

The information contained in this document is internal to Trianz. It shall not be
disclosed, duplicated, or used for any purpose other than that stated herein, in whole
or in part, without the express written consent of Trianz.




                             Information Classification

      ☐ Public

      ☒ Internal

      ☐ Confidential

      ☐ Restricted




 TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                   2
                                Table of Contents
1.   PURPOSE                                        4

2.   OBJECTIVES                                     4

3.   SCOPE                                          4

4.   KEY FUNDAMENTALS:                              4

5.   POLICY STATEMENT                               6

     Key Basic Security Principles:                 6

     Key Implementation guidelines:                 7

     Key Management processes:                      7

         5.3.1 Key Generation                       7

         5.3.2 Key Rotation                         8

         Key Revocation                             8

         Key Disposal/Destruction                   9

         Key Activation                             9

         Key Deactivation                           9

         Key Archival                               9

         Key Compromise                             10

         Key Recovery                               11

         Key Inventory                              11

6.   KEY LOGGING & AUDIT TRAIL:                     11

7.   ROLES & RESPONSIBILITIES                       12

8.   APPLICABLE STANDARDS                           12

9.   EXCEPTION(S)                                   13

10. ISO CONTROL MAPPING                             13




 TRIANZ INTERNAL                                    3
1. Purpose
      The purpose of this policy is to provide guidance for managing secured

      encryption for the keys using Key Management Systems (KMS) in the Cloud, On-

      Prem, External, Internal platforms.



2. Objectives
      The objective of Encryption Key management Policy is to facilitate effective

      implementation of the security controls for the Keys used/implemented in the

      Trianz Managed environment.



3. Scope
      This policy document covers the Encryption Key Management for the Trianz

      Managed environment.



4. Key Fundamentals:
  •   Symmetric (or Secret) Key Cryptography:

      The sender encrypts the data with the secret key and the receiver can recover

      the data through decryption using the same secret key. The symmetric key

      provides Confidentiality and Integrity of the data shared.

  •   Asymmetric (or public) key cryptography:

      This form of cryptography characterizes itself by each user in a network owning

      a private – public key pair. The public keys are made available to all users of

      the system, while the private keys are kept secret by their respective owners.

      User B wishing to send confidential data to user A can then use A’s public key to




TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                     4
      send the data encrypted, and only A will be able to decrypt the data with his/her

      private key. The Asymmetric key provides integrity and authentication.

  •   Key Hierarchy:

      Key hierarchy is a way to organize encryption keys so that a master key is used

      to encrypt other keys that are in turn used to encrypt the actual data want to

      protect.

  •   Key Hierarchy types:

          o   Data encryption key (DEK): A key used to encrypt data in symmetric

              algorithm

          o   Key encryption key (KEK): A key used to encrypt, or wrap, a data

              encryption key in Symmetric algorithm. To be split into two or more

              components protected by Split knowledge

          o   Master Key: The key used to encrypt the key encryption keys (KEK). This

              key is securely stored on KMS Systems. Key is responsible for encrypting

              the keys. Not accessible in clear text for any individuals.

  •   Key Strength:

      Refer NIST SP 800-57 (Recommendation for Key Management) for guidelines on

      key     strength    for   implementation.     Establish   application's   minimum

      computational resistance to attack. The minimum computational resistance to

      attack shall take into consideration the sophistication of organization’s

      adversaries, how long data needs to be protected, where data is stored and if

      it is exposed.




TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                      5
5. Policy Statement

      Key Basic Security Principles:
  •    The confidentiality of all secret keys, integrity & authenticity of all keys shall be

       ensured

  •    Secret keys shall only exist as one or more of the following:

          o   Within approved Secure Cryptographic Module (SCM)

          o   Encrypted using KEK (Key Encryption Keys) during exchange

          o   Split into multiple components protected by Split knowledge/dual

              control

  •    Individuals shall not be permitted to access any plaintext secret key

  •    Keys shall be generated using processes/ceremonies that does not allow for

       the prediction of any resulting value or the determination that certain values

       are more probable than others from the total set of all possible values.

  •    Procedures shall be in place for the timely replacement of keys in case of

       expiring or key compromised

  •    A key shall not be used when it is known or suspected to be compromised. The

       usage of a compromised (or suspected) key shall be terminated as soon as

       allowed by the technical, operational and business requirements and

       limitations.

  •    Test keys shall be prohibited from being used in production systems and

       production keys shall be prohibited from being used in test systems.

  •    Keys shall not be shared between cryptographic modules used in production

       and test systems.




TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                          6
  •    There shall be a process in place for the switching of cryptographic modules

       from test mode to production mode, and from production mode to test mode

       when using third party Cloud Key Management systems.



          Key Implementation guidelines:
  •    Individual procedures to be maintained for the applications/products were

       used.

  •    The procedure shall include algorithm, key length, justification for key length,

       key expiry period, KMS/Cryptographic module used to protect the key, number

       of components split, owners of the split components, any other special controls

       implemented.

  •    Secure Cryptographic modules which are hardware, software or firmware shall

       be used for the key management.

  •    The modules shall comply with one or more below standards:

          o    FIPS 140 - Security Requirements for Cryptographic Modules

          o    Common Criteria (ISO/IEC 15408) - using an approved Protection Profile

               and Target of Evaluation.

          o    Hardware Security Module (HSM) Security requirements – If any card

               data complying to PCI standard card is to be secured.



          Key Management processes:

  5.3.1 Key Generation
   •   Cryptographic keys shall be generated within an approved cryptographic

       module and with an approved key generation process.

   •   The process shall be such that it does not allow for the prediction of any

       resulting value or the probable value from the total set of possible values.

TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                       7
   •    The key management role holders and security options for the cryptographic

        key generation ceremony are handled as defined in the Encryption key

        management policy.

   •    The generation of cryptographic keys within a cryptographic module shall

        occur in a secure environment that ensures that unauthorized access or

        viewing is prevented.


  5.3.2 Key Rotation
    •   Key rotation is the process of periodically retiring an encryption key and

        replace by using a new cryptographic key with minimal or no downtime.

    •   Periodically and automatically rotating keys is a recommended security

        practice and some industry standards like PCI warrants regular rotation of the

        keys.

    •   The data that is encrypted in with previous key vesions will not be

        automatically re-encrypted. Ensure there’s no data loss/service unavailability

        during the rotation.

    •   Do follow the guidelines provided by KMS for re-encrypting the data with the

        new key-pair used in the rotation


        Key Revocation
    •   Ensure the below when a key is revoked:

            •     All related/relevant parties are informed.

            •     All instances of the key are revoked.

            •     Keys that are encrypted with the revoked key are also revoked.

            •     Revoked keys shall not be returned to backup use.




TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                    8
        Key Disposal/Destruction
    •   Only keys that have been revoked or compromised can be disposed.

    •   Reconstruction or recovery of a key after disposed is not allowed

    •   Key destruction shall be witnessed and logged under dual control.

    •   If a key that resides inside a cryptographic module cannot be disposed, then

        the module itself shall be disposed in secured manner that no residual trace

        of stored key remains

    •   Whenever a KMS/cryptographic module is permanently removed from

        service, all of its resident keys shall be securely destructed/disposed


        Key Activation
    •   Key to be used to cryptographically protect information or process previously

        protected information.

    •   The use of each Active keys are to be duly recorded


        Key Deactivation
    •   An active key may transition to deactivate state if identified as integrity of the

        key is compromised or past the agreed cryptoperiod.

    •   Deactivated Key need to be replaced with another new generated key in

        active state


        Key Archival
    •   Archival of a key is only permitted if specified for use in the application product

        procedure

    •   An archived cryptographic key shall only be used to verify the legitimacy of

        data resulting from its application that occurred prior to archiving



TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                         9
    •   An archived cryptographic key shall have its explicit tagging information

        modified to only permit the usage of the key for verification purposes.

    •   Copies of retired cryptographic keys that are to be archived shall be stored in

        a separate location from any active keys

    •   Archived cryptographic keys shall be stored in accordance with the same

        standards as active or backup keys

    •   All archived keying material shall be stamped with a non-modifiable time

        stamp when moved to archive.

    •   Retention period of archived keys shall be determined based on business

        need


        Key Compromise
    •   Keys are considered as compromised based on following:

           o      Identified as key got exposed or identified in a security investigation

           o      A stored key or distributed key fails an integrity check

           o      Key managed cryptographic module shows signs of compromise or

                  lost or stolen

           o      A key higher in the hierarchy is compromised

           o      A breach in segregation of duties, dual control, or access controls is

                  identified

           o      The plaintext value of the key has been exposed.

    •   If the compromised key is KEK or a master key from which other keys are

        derived, then all keys hierarchically under it shall also be revoked and

        replaced




TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                             10
      •    If the compromised key is a working key, then data associated with such key

           shall be revoked and re-encrypted with new working key in accordance with

           the policy

      •    There shall be investigation triggered including Infosec team on any key

           compromise followed by root-cause and remediations detailed


  Key Recovery
  •       Key stored in the Systems may sometimes be corrupted which would need keys

          to be recovered from the backup securely.

  •       Keys to be replaced earliest with new keys in accordance with technical,

          business up-time requirements.

  •       The backup copies of the cryptographic keys are to be secured as similar to

          operation keys.


  Key Inventory
  •       All long-term keys are to be inventoried including the owners/sponsors,

          application used, used to protect data in transit/in store details etc.,

  •       Key inventory shall tag unique reference of each key in the system.

  •       Key inventory shall be protected and stored in centralized repository

  •       Key inventory shall have details of the cryptoperiod and mechanism to inform

          owner for replacement earlier to the expiry.



6. Key Logging & Audit Trail:
  •       Key management logs shall contain The unique identifier of the key or specific

          key instances, Date of the activity, action taken (e.g., key generation, key

          distribution, key disposal, etc.)


TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                      11
  •   Log shall record date-time stamp, sequence number, event record.

  •   Log shall include any operator logon/logoff, key management activities using

      secrets/cards etc.,

  •   Audit trails to be maintained for all the key activities.

  •   Audit trails to be backed up for future references.

  •   KMS system shall have facility to troubleshoot audit log validation errors.



 7.   Roles & Responsibilities
                     Roles                         Responsibilities        Internal/External


        Project/Product        Security, Adhere to the Encryption Key Internal

        Cloud,    Infra    management management policy

        team


        Product      Owner     /Project Validate the Encryption key Internal

        Manager/Operations                management is done based

        Manager                           on the policy


        InfoSec & Compliance Team         Validate the key management Internal

                                          process iis adhered as per the

                                          policy




8. Applicable Standards
          •   ISO 27001:2022

          •   ISO 27701:2019

          •   NIST.SP.800-57

          •   FIPS 140-2


TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                     12
9. Exception(s)
      There is no exception to this policy.



 10. ISO Control Mapping
         Category of       ISO 27001:2022 Control        Document Name as per
         Control                                         ISO 27001:2022
         Technological     8.11 Data masking Control Data Encryption Key
         Controls          masking shall be used in        Management Policy
                           accordance with the
                           organization's topic specific
                           policy on access control and
                           other related topic-specific
                           policies, and business
                           requirements, taking applicable
                           legislation into consideration




TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                13
                                     Document Control

Owner:            CISO                  Release ID:                        KEM-POL-01




          For Trianz Process Improvement Group (TPIG) Purpose Only

Version History

 Ver.                                                            Reason for         Change
              Date        Author      Reviewer    Approver
  No.                                                              Change         Description

0.1      20th Mar 22     Divya        Balu Nair   Siva N       Initial Version   None

1.0      25th Mar 22     Divya        Balu Nair   Siva N       Baselined         Baselined

1.1      29-Marh-        Krutidee     Vijaya R    Srikanth M   For Review        Reviewed with
         2023            pta                                                      no changes


1.2      12-May-         Rama         Vijaya                   For Review        Migrated to
         2023            Madhav                                                  new template
                         an

2.0      12-May-         Rama         Vijaya      Srikanth M   For approval      Approved and
         2023            Madhav                                                   Baselined

                         an

2.1      15-Feb-24       Shalini      Vijaya                   For Review        Mapped with
                                                                                 new ISO
                                                                                 27001,2022
                                                                                 control 8.11
3.0      23-Feb-24       Shalini      Vijaya      Srikanth     For Approval      Approved and
                                                                                  Baselined
3.1      06-May-         Balu Nair    Vijaya                   Yeary Review      Migrated to a
         25                                                                      new Template


4.0      14-May-25       Balu Nair    Vijaya      Srikanth M   For Approval      Approved
                                                                                 And Baselined




TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                         14
TRIANZ INTERNAL   15
                                Contact Information
                                               Name

                                               Email

                                              Phone




                                  Thank You
                                     infosec@trianz.com




 The content in this document is copyrighted; any unauthorized use – in part or full – may violate the
 copyright, trademark, and other laws. This document may not be modified, reproduced, or publicly
   displayed, performed, or distributed, or used for any public or commercial purposes. The Trianz
 name and its products are subject to trademark and copyright protections, regardless of how and
                                          where referenced.




TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                                      16
