Information Security and
Data Privacy Apex Manual




TRIANZ INTERNAL            trianz.com
                      Statement of Confidentiality

  The information contained in this document is internal to Trianz. It shall not be
  disclosed, duplicated, or used for any purpose other than that stated herein, in
  whole or in part, without the express written consent of Trianz.




                         Information Classification


     ☐ Public

     ☒ Internal

     ☐ Confidential

     ☐ Restricted




TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                  2
                                Table of Contents
1.   SCOPE                                                                       5

2.   NORMATIVE REFERENCE                                                          7

3.   DEFINITIONS/ABBREVIATIONS/ACRONYMS                                           7

4.   CONTEXT OF ORGANIZATION                                                     8

     4.1 Understanding the organization and its context                          11

     4.2 Understanding the needs and expectations of interested parties          12

     4.3 Determining the scope of the Information Security and Privacy management
         system                                                                 17

     4.4 Information Security & Privacy Management System                        19

5.   LEADERSHIP                                                                  22

     5.1 Leadership and commitment                                               22

     5.2 Policy                                                                  22

     5.3 Organizational roles, responsibilities and authorities                  23

6.   PLANNING                                                                    23

     6.1 Actions to address risks and opportunities                              23

         6.1.1     General                                                       23

         6.1.2     Information security and Privacy risk assessment              25

         6.1.3     Information security risk treatment                           25

         6.1.4     Information security and Privacy objectives and planning to
                   achieve them                                                  26

         6.1.5     Review of Information Security and Privacy Management
                   System                                                        26

     6.2 Planning for changes-                                                   26

REFER TO SYSTEM AND SOFTWARE CHANGE MANAGEMENT PROCEDURE                         27

7.   SUPPORT                                                                     27

     7.1 Resource                                                                27

     7.2 Competence                                                              28



 TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                 3
      7.3 Awareness                                          28

      7.4 Communication                                      29

      7.5 Documented information                             30

          7.5.1    General                                   30

          7.5.2    Creating and updating                     30

          7.5.3    Control of Documented information         30

8.    OPERATION                                              32

      8.1 Operational planning and control                   32

      8.2 Information security and Privacy risk assessment   32

      8.3 Information security and Privacy risk treatment    33

9.    PERFORMANCE EVALUATIONS                                33

      9.1 Monitoring, measurement, analysis and evaluation   33

      9.2 Internal Audit                                     35

          9.2.1    General                                   35

          9.2.2    Internal Audit Program                    35

      9.3 Joint Controller                                   37

      9.4 Management review                                  37

10. IMPROVEMENT                                              38

      10.1 Nonconformity and Corrective Action               38

      10.2 Continual Improvement                             39

11.   ISO CONTROL MAPPING(S)                                 40




 TRIANZ INTERNAL                                             4
1. Scope
  The purpose of this ISMS Manual is to provide an outline of the Information
  Security Management System implemented at Trianz, which complies with the
  requirements of ISO 27001:2022 and ISO 27701:2019 Standards.

  Internally the manual is used to help all the Associates to understand the
  management system and refer various processes that must be met and
  maintained to ensure customer satisfaction and continual improvement

  Externally the manual is used to introduce our Management System to our
  customers and auditors. The manual is also used to familiarize them with the
  controls that have been implemented and to assure them that the integrity of the
  Management System called “Blue Book” is maintained

  Note: Our Management System is called as “Blue Book”



  Scope of ISO 27001:2022 Certification

  ISMS Apex Manual is applicable for all Trianz associates, all Trianz establishments
  at all onshore and offshore locations.



  Bangalore

  Software Development, Testing services, Maintenance and Support services for
  customized applications along with Support functions


  Concierto platform: -

  The Information Security Management System that covers the requirements,
  design, development, testing, deployment, release, support and enhancements of
  Concierto SaaS platform enabled by associated corporate functions.



  Hyderabad

  Software Development, Testing services, Maintenance and Support services for
  customized applications along with Support functions



TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                     5
  Chennai

  Software Development, Testing services, Maintenance and Support services for
  customized applications along with Support functions


  TCI- Virginia

  Software Development, Testing services, Maintenance and Support services for
  customized applications along with Support functions



  Scope of ISO 27701: 2019 Certification

  ISMS Apex Manual is applicable for all Trianz associates, all Trianz establishments
  at all onshore and offshore locations.



  Bangalore



  Software Development, Testing services, Maintenance and Support services for
  customized applications along with Support functions
  Hyderabad



  Software Development, Testing services, Maintenance and Support services for
  customized applications along with Support functions


  Chennai



  Software Development, Testing services, Maintenance and Support services for
  customized applications along with Support functions
  TCI- Virginia



  Software Development, Testing services, Maintenance and Support services for
  customized applications along with Support functions




TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                     6
    Information Security Policy and Objectives



    Information Security Policy

    “Trianz is committed to implement processes and systems to protect and
    safeguard the Confidentiality, Integrity , Availability and Privacy (CIAP) of all
    critical information and information processing assets from internal and external
    threats sources in order to ensure secure provision of business operations.”

    Data Protection & Privacy Policy

    Please refer to Data Privacy and Protection Policy Document



    Information Security & Privacy Objectives:

    Information Security and Privacy objectives are to be defined at each function
    and at each level that relates to risk assessment which is tracked at regular
    intervals. MR will be discussing the objectives.

    Refer Information Security and Privacy Objectives


  2. Normative Reference
         The following documents are referred to in the text in such a way that some or
         all of their content constitutes requirements of this document. For dated
         references, only the edition cited applies. For undated references, the latest
         edition of the referenced document (including any amendments) applies.

         ISO/IEC 27000, Information technology — Security techniques — Information
         security management systems — Overview and vocabulary


    .

    ISO/IEC 27701:2019 Security techniques — Extension to ISO/IEC 27001 and ISO/IEC
    27002 for privacy information management — Requirements and guidelines


3. Definitions/Abbreviations/Acronyms
        Acronym/Abbreviation/W
                                    Expansion/Definition
        ord


  TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                     7
    BCP                             Business Continuity Plan

    CIO                             Chief Information Officer

    CEO                             Chief Executive officer

    CISO                            Chief Information Security Officer

    CMT                             Crisis Management Team

    CRO                             Chief Recovery Officer

    ISMS                            Information Security Management Systems

    ISO                             International Organization for
                                    Standardization

    ISAC                            Information Security Assurance Council

    ITSM                            Information Technology Security Manager

    NDA                             Non-Disclosure Agreement

    PIMS                            Privacy Information Management System

    SOA                             Statement of Applicability

    TMR                             Top Management Review

    Top Management                  VPs, President and CEO

Refer Appendix A ISMS Definitions


4. Context of Organization
   Security Context

   Purpose: Trianz is a Business Advisory and Technology Services company having
   its offices in 3 countries. Trianz offers integrated portfolio of services such as
   Custom Application Development, Application Maintenance, IT Service
   Management, Packaged Application, Testing, Remote Infrastructure Maintenance,
   Monitoring services and Cloud consulting services. Trianz leverages its extensive
   global infrastructure and network of offices to provide holistic, multi-service
   delivery in key industry verticals including high tech, insurance, financial services,
   retail, life sciences, public sector, healthcare, and logistics industries.



 TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                      8
  Our overall strategic mission is to provide our clients with:

  A Secure environment and best practice that conforms to ISO 27001:2022, , ISO
  27701:2019 , ISO 9001:2015 and ISO 20000-1:2018.

  •   Drive execution of strategic initiatives and deliver measurable business
      impact as envisioned by Sr. Management.

  •   Business continuity, so ensuring the availability of data and to continue
      business operations with minimal impact in case of any disruptions.

  •   Appropriate information security measures to protect the confidentiality of
      information we retain and provide

  •   Assurance that our own outsourced providers operate with integrity,
      professionalism and have appropriate information security measures in place.

  •   Supporting and enhancing the client IT infrastructure with cloud service
      offering to provide scalability elasticity along with security to meet growing
      business demands.



  Below are the external and internal issues that are relevant to Trianz purpose, in
  order to achieve the intended outcomes of its Information Security and Privacy
  Management System.

  External Issues:

  •   Legal and regulatory

  •   Power and Connectivity

  •   High expectation (state of the art technology) of client

  •   Location

  •   Competition

  •   Economic pressures

  •   Increased Regulation and Compliance

  •   Supply chain disruption

  •   Competitive pressure

  •   Technology advancement

  •   Product Demos to Compliance

TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                        9
   Internal Issues:

   •   Information systems

   •   Organization’s culture

   •   Organization structure

   •   Roles and responsibilities within the organization

   •   Availability of reliable and skilled manpower

   •   Contractual agreements with customers

   •   SLAs with customers

   •   Values of internal stakeholders

   •   Human resource capabilities

   •   Standard working procedures and guidelines

   •   Policy and Procedure Updation in alignment with Trianz Products

   •   SIEM -Managed Threat Detection and response

   •   Information Security and Privacy Risk Assessment for Third Parties initiated

   •   Critical associates falling sick

   •   VAPT Assessments

   •   Training session for Concierto

   •   Relationship with investors



Trianz ISMS shall encompass all the services mentioned below:




 TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                      10
  4.1 Understanding the organization and its context
       Trianz started in the Silicon Valley in 2001, we now cater to several Fortune 1000
       companies across different industry verticals and have a presence across the
       Silicon Valley, Washington DC Metro, New York, Bengaluru, Chennai,
       Hyderabad,

       Trianz offers services in technology and functional industry. The services
       include Big data, Information management &Data Warehouse, Business
       Intelligence & Analytics, Enterprise Mobility, Remote Infrastructure
       Management, Enterprise Content & Portals, Custom Application Development,
       Information Security, Enterprise Software, IT service management,
       Independent Verification & Validation, Sales CRM, Customer Service CRM and
       Cloud consulting Services.

       Acceliant is a healthcare division of Trianz. It provides integrated eClinical Trial
       Data Management suite developed to handle large end-to-end clinical trials.

       Trianz provides services across high-tech, insurance, financial services, retail,
       life sciences, and public sector, healthcare, and logistics industries with clients
       from Fortune 1000 to startup companies worldwide.




TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                         11
  4.2 Understanding the needs and expectations of interested
       parties
        At Trianz the following needs and expectations were identified by interested
        parties:

      a) Interested parties that are relevant to the information security
         management system include: The Management team, Trianz customers,
         Trianz IS team, HR team, Admin team, Learning and Support and
         maintenance team. Etc.


        Interested                   Addressed by             Responsibility
                      Expectations
           Party

      Management Ensure C, I, A         1. Management       1.CIO and CISO
                 and P of the              addresses the    2. ISDPA
                 Information               Information
                 assets,                   Security
                 Ensure                    Management
                 transparency              through various
                 in operations,            interested
                 Ensure                    parties inputs
                 customer IS               and also the
                 needs are                 direction for
                 meet, BCP                 Implementing
                 strategies                ISMS
                 are made               2. ISDPA shall
                 and                       address
                 maintained.               implementation
                                           of ISMS with the
                                           help of
                                           Direction from
                                           Management
                                           and other
                                           Interested
                                           Parties Inputs

      HR , Learning   Ensure C,I A      1.   HR and Training 1. Global HR Head
                      and P of the           ensures         2. ISDPA
                      Human                  compliance to


TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                    12
                    resource               People’s
                    assets, To             Controls as per
                    ensure                 ISO 27001:2022
                    Personal        2.ISDPA Ensures the
                    records of      implementation of HR
                    Employee &      and Learning
                    NDA’s are       compliance to ISO
                    maintained,     27001:2022
                    Ensure Salary
                    information,
                    Training
                    records,
                    Leave
                    records,
                    Appraisal
                    Documents
                    are made
                    and
                    maintained.
                    To ensure
                    completion
                    of
                    mandatory
                    courses with
                    respect to
                    Information
                    security and
                    Privacy, also
                    to support in
                    scaling the
                    competence
                    level of
                    resources.

      IS Operations Ensure C, I , A Ensure Techincal         1.CIO and CISO
                    and P of the Controls, and               and IS Team
                    Infrastructure applicable                2. ISDPA Team
                    assets.         Organizational and


TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                               13
                                    Physical Controls
                                    compliance as per ISO
                                    27001:2022
                                    2.ISDPA Ensures the
                                    implementation of IS
                                    Operations
                                    compliance to ISO
                                    27001:2022

      Employees      Adherence to Ensure complying with 1. Employees
                     ISMS Policies Organization defined 2. ISDPA Team
                     and            Information Security
                     Procedures     Policies and
                                    Procedures
                                    2.ISDPA Ensures the
                                    implementation of
                                    Employees
                                    compliance to ISO
                                    27001:2022

      Contract       Comply with    Ensure complying with      1.   Contract
      Employees      information  Organization defined            Employees
                     security     Information Security         2. ISDPA
                     policies and Policies and                    Team
                     procedures   Procedures
                     and
                     contractual
                     requirements




      b) The requirements of these interested parties relevant to information
         security are given below:




TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                 14
       External        Expectations         Addressed by        Responsibility
      Interested
        Parties

     Customers/     Specify the ISMS      ISDPA team            CIO / CISO, Trianz
     Clients        and PIMS              ensures              ISDPA and IS team
                    Requirements in       Compliance to
                    MSA                   ISMS/PIMS
                    Conduct Third Party   Requirements as
                    Audits                per MSA
                                          (Contract
                                          Obligations
                                          Tracker)

                                          Ensuring
                                          compliance to
                                          feedback from
                                          Third party audits
                                          as applicable

     Vendors        Meeting               Purchase team        Purchase Team
                    compliance to the     Ensuring Vendors     ISDPA Team
                    standards such as     compliance to
                    ISO 27001:2013 and    ISMS
                    ISO 27701:2019        Requirements
                    In addition, ISO      ISDPA team
                    27017:2015 and ISO    ensuring vendors
                    27018:19(as           compliance to
                    applicable)           ISMS
                    Third party audit     requirements as
                    (right to audit)      applicable
                    And other
                    applicable
                    agreements such
                    as NDA and DPA

     Trainers/Ext   Meeting               Professional         Professional
     ernal          compliance to the     Development          Development
     Faculty        standards such as     team Ensuring        Team


TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                      15
       External        Expectations        Addressed by       Responsibility
      Interested
        Parties

                    ISO 27001:2013 and    Trainers           ISDPA Team
                    ISO 27701:2019        compliance to
                    In addition, ISO      ISMS
                    27017:2015 and ISO    Requirements
                    27018:19(as           ISDPA team
                    applicable)           ensuring vendors
                                          compliance to
                                          ISMS
                                          requirements

     Government Government                ISDPA team         ISDPA Team
     agencies/re Agencies/                ensuring the
     gulators    Regulators Publish       compliance to
                 the and release the      necessary and
                 applicable               applicable laws
                 information              and regulations
                 security/business
                    continuity laws and
                    regulations,

     Utility        Auditing the          ISDPA team         ISDPA Team
     organization   Organization to       ensuring the
     s(auditing     ensure                compliance to
     bodies)        Organizationsg        necessary and
                    compliance to the     applicable laws
                    standards such as     and regulations
                    ISO 27001:2013,
                    27017:2015,
                    27018:2019,
                    27701:2019

     Authorities(L Provide inputs to      ISDPA team         ISDPA Team
     egal, All     the organization to    ensuring the
     Constitution safeguard and           compliance to
     al bodies(as Comply with             necessary and
     applicable) information


TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                16
        External         Expectations         Addressed by        Responsibility
       Interested
         Parties

                     security/business    applicable laws
                     continuity laws and and regulations
                     regulations,
                     Also provides a
                     legal framework for
                     critical information
                     infrastructure in
                     India. For example,
                     in Section 43A of
                     the IT Act, Indian
                     businesses and
                     organizations must
                     have “reasonable
                     security practices
                     and procedures” to
                     protect sensitive
                     information from
                     being
                     compromised,
                     damaged, exposed,
                     or misused


The requirements of interested parties may include legal and regulatory
requirements and contractual obligations.


   4.3 Determining the scope of the Information Security and
        Privacy management system
         Trianz offers services in technology and functional industry. The services
         include Big data, Information management &Data Warehouse, Business
         Intelligence & Analytics, Enterprise Mobility, Remote Infrastructure
         Management, Enterprise Content & Portals, Custom Application
         Development, Information Security, Enterprise Software, IT service



 TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                      17
        management, Independent Verification & Validation, Sales CRM, Customer
        Service CRM and Cloud consulting Services.

        Security Infrastructure is established at Trianz to achieve information security
        organizational goals addressing the following:

           • Personnel security: Is maintained to reduce risks of human error, theft,
             fraud or misuse of facilities and to ensure that all the employees are
             aware of Information Security threats and concerns.

           • Employee conduct: All employees are expected to conducting in line
             with the ISMS policy of Trianz

           • Information classification: Trianz has classified its data into various
             types depending on the sensitivity such as Public, Internal, Confidential,
             Restricted.

           • Data labeling: All assets of the Trianz should be labeled.

           • Data transmission: Is securely transferred and protected with latest
             technologies.

           • Data encryption: Data is protected with Passwords and access
             permissions. •     .

           • Access control: Strict Controls are followed; Entry to the premises is for
             authorized personnel only. (Access control list shall be maintained by
             Admin and IT team)

           • Firewall rule: Periodic Monitoring and necessary precautions are being
             followed by Firewall Microsoft Essential.

           • Network application: Required controls are being in place.

           • Logging of Systems: System Logs are generated and regularly
             monitored.

           • Information Asset management: Is done by IS Team.

           • Physical security: Is maintained and controlled at all secured and
             unsecured areas

           • Security maintenance: Information security is periodically monitored
             and controlled. Refer to IS Operation Process

           • Cloud Infra access: All customers cloud infrastructure access is
             controlled through secure SSO



TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                         18
           • Asset Risk Register :- Asset Risk Register is reviewed once in a year

            Note: All goals shall be reviewed once in a year (in the form of
      objectives).




  4.4 Information Security & Privacy Management System


        The organization shall establish, implement maintain and continually
        improve an Information Security Management System including the
        processing needed and their interactions in accordance with the
        requirements of the document.



        The organization shall establish, implement, maintain, and continually
        improve an information security management system, in accordance with
        the requirements of this International Standard

        At Trianz,ISDPA team is responsible for developing, implementing,
        maintaining and continually improving the Information Security and Privacy
        within the context of the organization’s overall business activities.

        Information Security and Privacy frame work shown below describes the
        frame work of Information Security and Privacy adopted in accomplishing
        this goal. The following block diagram gives the view of the Organization.
        (PDCA Model)

        The Information Security and Privacy framework described at Trianz follows a
        continuous cycle of activities: Plan, Do, Check, and Act and ensures the
        Information Security controls are implemented with interaction of the
        processes defined in ISMS- Organizational Controls, People Controls,
        Technological Controls and Physical Controls with the necessary Interested
        Parties involved.




TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                      19
ISDPA team ensures



The five Privacy Framework Functions are defined as follows:

•     Identify-P – Develop the organizational understanding to manage privacy risk for
      individuals arising from data processing. The activities in the Identify-P Function
      are foundational for effective use of the Privacy Framework. Inventorying the
      circumstances under which data are processed, understanding the privacy
      interests of individuals directly or indirectly served or affected by an organization,
      and conducting risk assessments enable an organization to understand the
      business environment in which it is operating and identify and prioritize privacy
      risks. •

•     Govern-P – Develop and implement the organizational governance structure to
      enable an ongoing understanding of the organization’s risk management
      priorities that are informed by privacy risk. The Govern-P Function is similarly
      foundational, but focuses on organizational-level activities such as establishing
      organizational privacy values and policies, identifying legal/regulatory

    TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                      20
      requirements, and understanding organizational risk tolerance that enable an
      organization to focus and prioritize its efforts, consistent with its risk management
      strategy and business needs

•     Control-P – Develop and implement appropriate activities to enable
      organizations or individuals to manage data with sufficient granularity to
      manage privacy risks. The Control-P Function considers data processing
      management from the standpoint of both organizations and individuals.

•     Communicate-P – Develop and implement appropriate activities to enable
      organizations and individuals to have a reliable understanding and engage in a
      dialogue about how data are processed and associated privacy risks. The
      Communicate-P Function recognizes that both organizations and individuals
      may need to know how data are processed in order to manage privacy risk
      effectively.

•     Protect-P – Develop and implement appropriate data processing safeguards.
      The Protect-P Function covers data protection to prevent cybersecurity-related
      privacy events, the overlap between privacy and cybersecurity risk management




    TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                     21
5. Leadership

  5.1 Leadership and commitment
    •    Top Management is committed to establish, implement, operate, monitor,
         review, maintain and improve the Information Security and Privacy by:
         • Establishing an ISMS policy & Data Privacy and Protection Policy

         •   Ensuring that Information Security and Privacy objectives and plans are
             established

         •   Establishing roles and responsibilities for information security

         •   Communicating to the organization the importance of meeting
             Information Security and Privacy objectives and conforming to the
             information security & Data Privacy and Protection policy, its
             responsibilities under the law and the need for continual improvement

         •   Providing sufficient resources to establish, implement, operate, monitor,
             review, maintain and improve the Information Security and Privacy

         •   Deciding the criteria for accepting risks and for acceptable risk levels

         •   Ensuring that internal Information Security and Privacy audits are
             conducted

    •    Conducting management reviews of the Information Security and Privacy
    •    CISO will present the status and effectiveness of Information Security and
         Privacy to CIO at least once in year
    •    The review will include assessing opportunities for improvement and the
         need for changes to the Information Security and Privacy System policies
         and procedures

             Refer Management Review Procedure in Common Support Folder




                                                                    5.2 Policy
        “Trianz Is committed to implement processes and systems to protect and
        safeguard the Confidentiality, Integrity, Availability and Privacy (CIAP) of
        all critical information and information processing assets from internal and
        external threats sources in order to ensure secure provision of business
        operations”


TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                         22
      Please refer to Data Protection and Privacy Policy document for “Data
      Protection and Privacy Policy “

      Objectives, Scope and Security Context are identified in the policy

      Refer Information Security Policy




  5.3 Organizational roles, responsibilities and authorities


      Top management shall ensure that the responsibilities and authorities for
      roles relevant to information security are assigned and communicated within
      the organization.

      Trianz Management has established the Infosec and Data Privacy
      Organization’s roles and responsibilities and authorities to ensure the success
      and sustainability of the enterprise wide Information security deployment and
      management including the communication to all stakeholders in the
      organization.

      ISAC consists of representatives from various corporate functions and
      business units and is headed by CIO/CISO

      ISDPA function is responsible for implementation, maintenance, operation and
      improvement of ISMS at Trianz.

      Refer ISAC Roles and Responsibilities


6. Planning

  6.1 Actions to address risks and opportunities

       6.1.1      General
               When planning for the information security management system, the
               organization shall consider the issues and determine the risks and
               opportunities that need to be addressed to:




TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                   23
              Trianz ensures the information security management system can
              achieve its intended outcomes such as C, I,A and P of the Information
              assets, Ensure transparency in operations

              Ensure customer Information security needs are meet, BCP strategies
              are made and maintained.

              Proven, or reduce, undesired effects such as breach of Information
              security requirements by any employee or process, loss of data or
              integrity of the data or systems; and

              To achieve continual improvement. The Trianz shall plan: Feedback
              from stakeholders, customer feedback, Internal Audit results,
              accomplishment of objectives are reviewed from time to time.

              The risk mitigations are handled to counter the negative effect. This is
              determined through risk assessment Action to address these risks
              assessment methodology and opportunities; and Information Security
              and Privacy effective evaluation to be developed.



              Refer Risk & Opportunity Management Procedure

              Refer Business continuity and disaster procedure



             Evaluate risk:

             All the risks are analyzed and evaluated for applying possible controls
             from ISO 27001:2022, and ISO 27701:2019 recommended and any
             additional if required. The business impacts are analyzed for each
             threat to information asset that might result in loss of confidentiality,
             integrity or availability.

             The security failures are analyzed, taking into account the
             consequences of Assets the realistic likelihood of security failures
             occurring in the light of prevailing threats and vulnerabilities and
             impacts associated with these assets, and the controls currently
             implemented.




TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                      24
       6.1.2 Information security and Privacy risk assessment
             During risk assessment, the risk value of the asset is calculated as
             product of (Business Impact * Probability of occurrence).

             The “C”, “I”, “A” and “P” values are rated on a scale of 1, 3 and 9, and the
             business impact is calculated on scale of 1, 3 and 9, the probability of
             occurrence on a scale of 1, 3 and 9.

             Asset identification is carried out for the assets, which contain
             information value in each department. Risk assessment methodology
             process is developed to identify a unified method of conducting the risk
             assessment.

             The risk owners are to be identified in risk assessment. All the threats for
             an Asset are identified and all the applicable threats are documented

             Vulnerabilities are identified for each information asset followed by
             associated threats

             Risk assessment methodology will be used to perform risk assessment
             on all identified assets

             Refer Risk and Opportunity Management Procedure in ISMS Procedure
             folder




       6.1.3 Information security risk treatment
                  Based on the Risk Assessment, Delivery, Corporate Functions/Support
                  Functions shall develop Risk treatment plan, CIO/CISO has authority to
                  recognize and accept the risk where the management feels that no risk
                  treatment plan is feasible/ cost effective and hence not being
                  implemented

                  The risk treatment plan is implemented in order to achieve the
                  identified control objectives, which includes consideration for funding
                  and allocation of roles and responsibilities.

                  For more information, Refer Risk and Assessment and Opportunity
                  Management Procedure in ISMS Procedure folder




TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                        25
       6.1.4 Information security and Privacy objectives and planning
             to achieve them


             Top Management shall establish and direct ISDPA team to ensure
             information security objectives at relevant functions and levels are
             defined in line with the information security policy. These Objectives are
             measurable ensuring infosec requirements are met considering the
             results from risk assessment and risk treatment history.

             Information Security Objectives shall be documented detailing the plan
             to achieve the objectives, responsibilities, resources required and
             evaluation mechanism etc.

             ISDPA ensures communication to all relevant stake holders and
             reviewing and monitoring the Information Security Objectives.




       6.1.5 Review of Information Security and Privacy Management
             System
                  Information Security and Privacy Management System consists of
                  Policies, Procedures, Guidelines, Templates and Checklists. All the
                  Policies, Procedures, Guidelines, Templates and Checklist shall be
                  reviewed at least once a year to ensure suitability, effectiveness, and
                  alignment with existing business environment. All revised ISMS process
                  assets shall be approved by CIO/CISO before releasing to ISMS in Blue
                  Book.

                  Information Security and Privacy Objectives:

                  Information Security and Privacy objectives are to be defined at each
                  function and level and are to be connected with risk assessment which
                  is tracked at regular intervals. MR will be discussing the objectives.

                  Refer Information Security and Privacy Objectives


  6.2 Planning for changes-
        Trianz shall plan for changes in Information Security Management System.
        They shall be recorded in a controlled manner and the changes are planned,
        evaluated, authorized, prioritized, tested, implemented, and documented.

TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                            26
        Refer to System and Software Change Management Procedure


7. Support

  7.1 Resource
       At Trianz management will determine and provide the resources needed to:

       •   Ensure that right information is available only to the right people at the
           right time.

       •   Protect Information Assets

       •   Protect critical information from unauthorized access, use, disclosure,
           modification, and disposal, whether intentional or unintentional

       •   The confidentiality, integrity and availability of critical information, is
           ensured at all times

       •   Initiate corrective and preventive actions on reported, actual or
           suspected security incidents by the designated Chief Information Security
           Officer after investigation

       •   Ensure that awareness programs on Information Security are available to
           all employees, wherever applicable and also to third parties viz.
           Subcontractors, Vendors, Consultants etc.

       •   Ensure compliance to all legal and contractual requirements – Master
           Service Agreement between client and Trianz, agreements between
           vendor/supplier and Trianz, Non-disclosure agreements with client,
           suppliers and employees, Data Processing Agreements with clients and
           vendors (wherever applicable).

       •   Review the policy at periodic intervals – to check for its effectiveness,
           changes in technology, legal and contractual requirements and business
           efficiency

       •   Ensure that all employees adhere to the information security policies and
           procedures to take appropriate action in case of its violation are
           established.

       •   Increase confidence of business partners in exchanging critical
           information with Trianz



TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                          27
         •   Enhance Trianz’s reputation as a reliable partner for executing key
             initiatives




  7.2 Competence
        ISAC group ensure that all relevant personnel are aware of the relevance and
        importance of their information security activities and how they contribute to
        the achievement of the ISMS objectives.

        At Trianz, ISAC group will also ensure that all personnel who are assigned
        responsibilities defined in the ISMS are competent to perform the required
        tasks by:

        Providing competent training

        Based on the feedback, evaluating the effectiveness of the training provided
        and actions taken

        Maintaining records of education, training, skills, experience and qualifications

        At Trianz, ISAC group will also ensure that all relevant personnel are aware of
        the relevance and importance of their information security activities and how
        they contribute to the achievement of the ISMS objectives.

        Refer Professional Development Procedure

        Refer ISMS Objectives




  7.3 Awareness
    Trianz will ensure that all personnel assigned responsibilities defined in the ISMS
    are competent to perform the required tasks.

    This is ensured by several processes including the following:

    •     Providing competent training and certification to deployed personnel

    •     The organization’s learning and development will maintain records of
          education, training, skills, experience & qualification of all personnel
          pertaining to the training held related to Information Security and Privacy
          Management System.




TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                         28
    •   Trianz will also ensure that all concerned personnel are aware of the
        relevance and importance of their information security activities and how
        they contribute to the achievement of the Information Security and Privacy
        objectives, by means of various user education activities

    •   Learning & Development will plan, conduct, measure effectiveness of
        information security related trainings.

    Refer Professional Development Procedure




  7.4 Communication


    The organization shall determine the need for internal and external
    communications relevant to the information security management system
    including:

     a) on what to communicate;

    b) when to communicate;

    c) with whom to communicate;

    d) how to communicate

    The Trianz communicates the need of information security and Privacy
    management system and Specific training is given to the employees at the
    time of induction. It team will be orienting on Information Security and Privacy
    policies. ISMS policy is published intranet portal.

    Communicates on Information Security and Privacy policies at the induction
    program.

    Communication is done among the employees as part of internal review
    meetings.

    Communicate the Information Security and Privacy polices on Bluebook

    Specific needs of customer are communicated to the project team and internal
    audit team.

    Refer Project Management planning process

    Refer Professional Development Procedure

TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                    29
  7.5 Documented information

       7.5.1 General
             There are 2 types of documents at a high level

             Blue Book Documents – Policies, Manuals, Group Manuals, Procedures,
             Guidelines, Checklists and Templates

             Documents related to Projects and Corporate Functions

             a) Documents prepared related to project during project execution such
                as PM Workbooks, SRS, Design, Test Plan, Test Cases etc.,

             b) Documents related to Corporate Functions (InfoSec and Compliance,
                HR, Recruitment, L&D, Admin, Purchase and IS Operations)




       7.5.2 Creating and updating
                 At Trianz Records are identified in each procedure at the end. All records
                 are identified in the procedures are maintained by the process owners
                 for the purpose of ISMS.

                 These records are used as source of evidence for implementing the ISMS
                 and also for checking the effectiveness from time to time.

                 Internal audit team will verify these records and compare with the
                 procedures to check the adequacy. Most of the records are maintained
                 in the soft copy format or in the hard copy format.

                  In case of copies the backup process will ensure that they are
                  available and the access control policy will ensure its Confidentiality.




       7.5.3 Control of Documented information
             •     It is ensured that all the Bluebook documents are controlled through
                   proper reviews and approvals

             •     Changes to the controlled documents are reviewed and approved
                   by appropriate authority before release for use

TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                         30
             •    All evolving documents are version controlled and only the relevant
                  approved versions of documents are available for use

             •    All documents are available online for reference by authorized
                  personnel at a common database

             •    All controlled documents are identified through unique Release
                  Identification (Release ID)

             •    All documents of external origin are suitably identified and made
                  available only for intended purposes and users

             •    Any Blue Book process document used for the purpose of proposals
                  or customer’s offsite usage or any other distribution outside the
                  premises of the organization will be considered as uncontrolled and
                  change control will not be applicable for the same once it leaves the
                  premises of Trianz

             •    Blue Book Process Artifacts, which are no longer in use, are moved to
                  obsolete folder

             •    All records identified by the projects and corporate functions are
                  generated and stored as records specific to projects and corporate
                  functions

             •    All records related to projects and corporate functions are retained
                  until 7 years (as applicable) from the date of creation of the record.
                  The records older than 7 years will be disposed off at the discretion
                  of the PM / Corporate Function Manager

             Refer Documented Information Procedure

             Refer Configuration Management Process

             •    All ISMS documents and records will be protected and controlled as
                  per Documented Information Procedure which is available in
                  Common Support Process Folder in Blue Book.

             Refer Documented Information Procedure.




TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                       31
8. Operation

  8.1 Operational planning and control
     The organization shall plan, implement and control the processes needed to
    meet information security requirements is as follows
    All information security and privacy risk points are identified and a risk treatment
    plan is formulated that identifies the appropriate management action,
    responsibilities and priorities for managing information security risks.


          •   Control objectives are achieved through implementation of controls
              selected.
          •   Awareness programs are conducted across Trianz to bring awareness.
          •   Operations are managed with respect to ISMS resource.
          •   Procedures will be in place to enable prompt detection of and response
              to security incidents.
          •   Manage operations of Information Security and Privacy
          •   Manage resources for the Information Security and Privacy
          •   Implement procedures and other controls capable of enabling prompt
              detection of security events and response to security incidents.
          •   Implement training and awareness program


      Refer Information Security and Privacy Objectives


  8.2 Information security and Privacy risk assessment
    Risk assessment methodology will be used to perform risk assessment on all
    identified assets

    Refer Risk and Opportunity Management Procedure in ISMS Procedure folder

    Based on the Risk Assessment, ISAC will develop Risk treatment plan,

    CIO/CISO has authority to recognize and accept the risk where the
    management feels that no risk treatment plan is feasible/ cost effective and
    hence not being implemented




TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                     32
  8.3 Information security and Privacy risk treatment
    At Trianz all information risk points are identified and a risk treatment plan is
    formulated that identifies the appropriate management action, responsibilities
    and priorities for managing information security risks.

    The risk treatment plan is implemented in order to achieve the identified control
    objectives, which includes consideration for funding and allocation of roles and
    responsibilities.

    The documented treatment plan, residual risk, monitoring documents pertain to
    ISMS are retailed for internal Information Security reviews.

    Refer Risk and Opportunity Management Procesure in ISMS Procedure folder


9. Performance evaluations

  9.1 Monitoring, measurement, analysis and evaluation
        At Trianz following activities are done to ensure proper review of Information
        Security and Privacy



        Review of Risk Assessment

        Review of risk assessment will be performed once in a year by CISO, additional
        risk assessments will be performed based on business and operational
        environment requirements

        Upon review of a risk assessment, the ISAC makes a determination as to
        whether the identified risk is acceptable, or requires treatment using the
        criteria for accepting risks as defined in the risk assessment methodology

        Refer Risk and Opportunity Management Procedure in ISMS Procedure folder



        Vulnerability Assessment and Penetration Testing (VA/PT)

        Vulnerability Assessment and Penetration Testing will be conducted on a
        periodic basis at least once a year by IS team. Frequency of testing will be
        increased if required by the business or the operating environment

        Vulnerability Assessment and Penetration Testing will be conducted to gain
        more comprehensive assessment of the overall Network security posture


TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                     33
Compliance

      Trianz will comply with the following requirements:

      •   Legal Requirements (Statutory and Regulatory Requirements)

      •   Contractual Requirements

      •   Compliance with Blue Book information security policies and procedures

      •   Technical compliance review



      Legal Requirements

      Representatives from corporate functions (Finance, HR, Admin , Infosec and
      Data Privacy Assurance and IT) form a team called ‘Compliance team’

      Compliance team will identify legal requirements related to their function

      Legal requirements will be reviewed and updated annually once and also on
      event driven basis whenever any ACTs are amended or new ACTs come into
      force

      The compliance team is responsible for maintaining and complying with the
      identified legal requirements

      Refer ‘Legal Requirements’ in Compliance folder of Organization Publications



      Contractual Requirements

      Concerned Project Managers and Delivery Center Heads are responsible for
      complying with contractual requirements, identified in their contracts with
      customers



      Compliance with Information Security Policies and Procedures

      Information Security and Privacy Policies will be implemented to maintain the
      confidentiality, integrity and availability of the information processing facilities
      maintained by Trianz

      Compliance with Information Security and Privacy Policies at Trianz is
      mandatory for all the employees. These policies will apply to all personnel,



TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                       34
      outside consultants, contractors, temporary employees, clients or third parties
      accessing Trianz information assets

       If an individual violates the provisions in Information Security Policies, either by
      negligence or intent, Trianz reserves the right to take disciplinary action
      including dismissal, legal prosecution, claims for compensatory damages etc.

      Any exceptions to the policy will be approved by the Information Security
      Assurance Council (ISAC), which may decide to seek higher-level management
      authorization

      Compliance with policies and procedures will be reviewed by CISO, once in year



      Technical Compliance Review

      Auditor will Information systems are regularly checked for compliance with
      security implementation procedure like updating virus and security patches




  9.2 Internal Audit



       9.2.1 General
              The Organization shall conduct Internal Audits at planned intervals to
              provide information on whether the information Security management
              System

              a) conforms to

              1) The organizations own requirements for its ISMS

              2) The requirements of the document

              b) is effectively implemented and maintained


       9.2.2 Internal Audit Program




TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                        35
              The organization shall plan establish implement and maintain an audit
              programme, including the frequency methods responsibilities planning
              requirements and reporting

              When establishing the internal audit program the organization shall
              consider the importance of the processes concerned and the results of
              previous audits

              The Organization shall

              Define the audit criteria and scope of for each audit

              Select auditors and conduct audits that ensure objectivity and
              impartially of the audit process

              Ensure that the results of the audits are reported to the relevant
              management

              Documented Information shall be available as evidence of the
              implementation of the audit program and the audit results



              Audit is a systematic and independent examination of various activities
              intended to determine compliance with Blue Book and the applicable
              standards

              An audit is planned, taking into consideration the status and importance
              of the processes and areas to be audited, as well as the results of
              previous audits

              The audit criteria, scope, frequency and methods are defined

              The selection of auditors and conduct of audits will ensure objectivity
              and impartiality of the audit process. Auditors will not audit their own
              work

             Refer to Internal and External Audit Procedure




TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                   36
  9.3 Joint Controller
    Please refer to Joint Controller and Information Sharing Framework For Trianz
    group of companies




  9.4 Management review
    Top management shall review the organization’s information security
    management system at planned intervals to ensure its continuing suitability,
    adequacy and effectiveness.

    The management review shall include consideration of:

      a) the status of actions from previous management reviews;

       b) changes in external and internal issues that are relevant to the information
      security management system;

      c) Changes in Needs and expectations of the Interested parties that are
      relevant to ISMS

      d) feedback on the information security performance, including trends in

                  1) nonconformities and corrective actions;

             2) monitoring and measurement results;

             3) audit results.

             4) fulfilment of information security objectives;

             e) feedback from interested parties; f) results of risk assessment and
             status of risk treatment plan;

             and g) opportunities for continual improvement.

      The outputs of the management review shall include decisions related to
      continual improvement opportunities and any needs for changes to the
      information security management system. The organization shall retain
      documented information as evidence of the results of management review

      Top management shall review the Trianz information security management
      system at planned intervals to ensure its continuing suitability, adequacy and
      effectiveness.

      ISMS effectiveness is reviewed for its effectiveness from time to time, typically
      the risk assessment review is carried out once in six months and the

TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                       37
       Management review is carried out once in a year. This would include the inputs
       coming from Security audits, interested parties, customer inputs, incidents and
       ISMS objectives trends.

       The effectiveness of the controls is measured from various sources such as, IS
       incidents, breaches, objectives tracking.

      a)   At Trianz reviews are done to assess the level of residual risk and
           acceptable risk, taking into account changes to:

           o   The organization connected changes such as change in processes, IT
               infrastructure etc.

           o   Technology adopted for service delivery.

           o   Business objectives and processes required for service delivery.

           o   Identified threats during ISMS operation at Trianz over period to check
               the effectiveness of implementation.

           o   External events, such as changes to the legal or regulatory environment
               and changes in social climate, contractual obligations connected with
               information security are monitored from time to time. Any need for
               conducting the reassessment of risks is evaluated in the management
               review.

           The management review shall include consideration of:

           o   The status of actions from previous management reviews;

           o   Changes in external and internal issues that are relevant to the
               information security management system;

           o   Feedback on the information security performance, including trends in:

           o   Nonconformities and corrective actions, monitoring and measurement
               results and audit results




10.    Improvement

  10.1 Nonconformity and Corrective Action
      At Trianz ISAC team will take action to eliminate the cause of nonconformities
      associated with the implementation and operation of the ISMS in order to


TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                      38
    prevent recurrence. The documented procedures for corrective action will
    define requirements for:

    •   Identifying nonconformities of the implementation and/or operation of the
        ISMS

    •   Determining the causes of nonconformities and potential impacts
        associated and damage to the ISMS.

    •   Evaluating the need for actions to ensure that nonconformities are not
        repeated.

    •   Determining and implementing the corrective action needed

    •   Recording results of action taken

    •   Reviewing of corrective action taken.

    •   Potential NC’s are identified and eliminate them from occurrence,




  10.2 Continual Improvement
          o   The organization has defined and documented Information Security
              policy and Objectives. The ISMS Measurement Framework is designed
              keeping the policy and objectives in view.

          o   Top Management Review will be conducted to assess the ISMS
              implementation and effectiveness in the organization and to come up
              with required corrective or preventive actions in the areas where
              improvements are identified for continual improvement

          o   Internal Audits, customer audits and certification body audits are
              conducted periodically to check adherence to Blue Book and also for
              continual improvement of Blue Book

          o   Corrective and Preventive actions are taken to prevent the recurrence
              and occurrence of the nonconformities

          o   Apply the lessons learnt from the security experiences of other
              organizations, such as clients, vendors, suppliers, partners and
              advisories.

          o   We encourage employees to initiate process improvement by
              submitting ‘process change request’ to TPIG



TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                     39
             Infosec team evaluates process change requests and implements in
             Blue Book if found feasible

             Refer Continual Improvement Process

             Refer Corrective and Preventive Action process

             Refer Management Review Procedure



             Corrective Action

             The organization takes action to eliminate the causes of nonconformities
             in order to prevent recurrence.

             After identifying the nonconformities RCA is conducted to identify root
             causes and corrective actions. The identified corrective actions are
             implemented and the effectiveness is verified.

             If any corrective action requires a process change, the appropriate Blue
             Book process artifact will be modified.

             Refer Corrective and Preventive Action Process in Common Support
             Process folder

             Preventive Action

             The organization takes action to eliminate the causes of potential non-
             conformities in order to prevent their occurrence.

             The priority of preventive action is determined by the ISAC based upon
             the inputs from security reviews and concerned departments.

             The implemented preventive actions are verified for effectiveness.

             Refer Corrective and Preventive Action Process in Common Support
             Process folder


11. ISO Control Mapping(s)


         Category of      ISO 27001:2022 Control           Document Name as
         Control                                           per ISO 27001:2022




TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                   40
         All Controls   All Controls   Information Security and
                                       Data Privacy Apex
                                       Manual




TRIANZ INTERNAL                                              41
   Document Control


       Owner:         CISO                            Release ID:         IAM-POL-0006




                         For Trianz Process Improvement Group (TPIG) Purpose Only

   Version History



                                                    Approv   Reason for
 Ver. No.         Date        Author     Reviewer                         Change Description
                                                      er      Change

0.00             27-         Jyotessh                        NA           Draft
                 Apr         Nair
                 07

1.00             07-         Jyotessh                        ISO          Incorporated the
                 May         Nair                            27001:2013   Feedback of the
                 07                                          Stage 1      Stage 1 Audit and
                                                             Audit from   Baseline.
                                                             BVQI

1.01             07-         Bharatees                       Internal     Revised the policies
                 May         ha B R                          ISMS         and procedures of
                 08                                          Review/      all sub domains,
                                                             Audit        their control
                                                                          objectives and
                                                                          controls including
                                                                          the sections
                                                                          addressing the ISO-
                                                                          27001 standard
                                                                          requirements




       TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                     42
1.02         04-     Bharatees   2nd            • Included
             Aug-    ha B R      Surveillanc      terms/definitions/
             09                  e audit          acronyms/abbrevi
                                                  ations in section
                                                  2.5
                                                • Included a ISMS
                                                  strategy and
                                                  methodology to
                                                  establish and
                                                  maintain ISMS at
                                                  Section 4
                                                 • Added few more
                                                   reasons for having
                                                   ISMS at Trianz
                                                   under sub section
                                                   “Purpose” at
                                                   Section 5.1
                                                 • Included Section
                                                   on ISWG at 5.2.6
                                                Removed all
                                                sections pertaining
                                                to policies and
                                                procedures as they
                                                are being addressed
                                                in the SOA
2.00         06-     Balu Nair   Approval       Baselined
             Aug-                for Baseline
             09

2.01         08-     Bharatees   Acquisition    • Changed the
             Oct-    ha B R      of Blue Ally     scope of ISMS
             09                  by Trianz      Re arranged the
                                                sections to bring in
                                                alignment with
                                                PDCA framework
3.00         08-     Balu Nair   Approved       Approved
             Oct-                for Baseline
             09


   TRIANZ INTERNAL                                              43
3.01         17-      Bharatees    Annual         • Formatting
             May-     ha B R       Review           Changes
             10                                   • Changed the
                                                    release IDs as per
                                                    the Trianz Blue
                                                    Book
                                                  • Provided clarity on
                                                    Information
                                                    Security policy
                                                    review frequency
                                                  Provided hyperlinks
                                                  to appendices`
4.00         18-      Bharatees    Approval       Baselined
             May-     ha B R       for Baseline
             10

4.01         31-      Balu Nair    QMG            Formatting done
             Dec-                  Review
             10

5.00         04-      Balu Nair    Reviewed       Baselined
             Jan-                  and
             10                    approved

5.01         24-      Srilakshmi   QMG            Modified ReleaseID
             May-                  Review         in cover page and
             11                                   header

6.00         24-      Srilakshmi   Reviewed       Baselined
             May-                  and
             11                    approved

6.01         27-      Balu Nair    Input from     • Added Scope of
             Jun-11                SA1              certification
                                                  Remove ISMC from
                                                  section 5.2
                                                  Management
                                                  commitment




   TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                 44
7.00         29-     G. D.        Reviewed      Baselined
             June-   Venkatesw    the above
             11      ar Reddy     changes
                                  and
                                  approved.

7.01         3-      Sudharsan    QMG           • Replace Owner
             Aug-    a            review          with Management
             11                                   Representative in
                                                  place of CIO
                                                In Document
                                                Classification
                                                Scheme, “Retention
                                                period is 3 Years”
                                                row is removed
8.00         3-      Sudharsan    Request for   Approved and
             Aug-    a            baseline      Baselined
             11

9.00         08-     Srilakshmi   QMG           • Modified the
             May-                 Review          template format
             12                                   as per the
                                                  standard format
                                                • Included sections
                                                  – Overview of
                                                  organization,
                                                  organization chart,
                                                  SOA sections
                                                • Modified
                                                  Introduction,
                                                  control of
                                                  documents and
                                                  records, internal
                                                  audits, ISMS
                                                  improvements
                                                  section
                                                • Modified PDCA




   TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                45
                                                 • Removed Scope
                                                   diagram and ISMC
                                                   related process
                                                Aligned all sections
                                                for clarity
10.00        08-     Balu Nair    Standardiz    • Modified the
             Nov-                 ation of        template format
             12                   Blue Book     Changed the Logo
                                  Process
                                  Assets

11.00        29-     Srilakshmi   PCR raised    Modified section 4.4
             Apr-                 by GD         Information security
             13                                 policy and
                                                objectives from CIO
                                                to CEO for review of
                                                policy
12.00        17-     Srilakshmi   Review of     • No change in
             Apr-                 Information     policy statement
             14                   Security      • Modified Logo
                                  Policy        Modified section 1.1
                                                Organization
                                                overview and
                                                service portfolio as
                                                per changes in the
                                                organization
13.00        16-     Sudharsan    Updated       • Updated ISMS
             May-    a            based on        Scope
             15                   new           • Added Technical
                                  version ISO     compliance
                                  27001:2013      review
                                                Reviewed and
                                                approved
14.00        26-     Sudharsan    Updated       Reviewed and base
             May-    a            based on      lined
             15                   new




   TRIANZ INTERNAL                                              46
                                                         version ISO
                                                         27001:2013

14.01            16-     Balu Nair                       Addition of    • Apex Manual is
                 Oct-                                    Cloud            modified to
                 16                                      services as      include Cloud
                                                         scope of         services
                                                         Certificatio   Cloud Services
                                                                        added under Scope
                                                         n.
                                                                        of ISO 27001:2013
                                                                        Certification
15.00            07-     Balu Nair                       Approved       Baselined
                 Dec-                                    by CISO
                 16

15.1             29-     Balu Nair   Joshy VM                           • Information
                 Apr-                                                     classification
                 19                                                       modified
                                                                        Trianz logo modified
16.0             14-     Balu Nair              Ganesh   Approved       Baselined
                 May-                           Arunac   for Release
                 19                             hala

16.2             06-     Balu Nair   Phani                              • Added CISO as
                 May-                Krishna                              additional
                 20                                                       approval authority
                                                                        Added Apex manual
                                                                        applicability to all
                                                                        the locations under
                                                                        Scope of ISO
                                                                        27001:2013
                                                                        Certification
17.0             14-     Balu Nair   Phani      Vivek    For            Approved and
                 May-                Krishna    Samba    Approval       Baselined
                 20                             sivam




       TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                  47
17.1             9-      Balu Nair   Phani                 Review         • Updated the
                 Feb-                Krishna                                information
                 21                                                         classification
                                                                          •
                                                                          • Modified Scope of
                                                                            ISO 27001:2013
                                                                            Certification as
                                                                            stated in the
                                                                            current
                                                                            “Certificate” for all
                                                                            the three locations
                                                                          •
                                                                          • Changed
                                                                            responsibility
                                                                          • of CISO to Delivery
                                                                            and Corporate
                                                                            Function/Support
                                                                            Functions under
                                                                            section 6.1.3


18.0             12-     Balu Nair   Phani       Phani     Approved       Approved and
                 Feb-                Krishna     Krishna   for Baseline   Baselined
                 21

18.1             25-     Vijaya      Balu Nair   Siva N    For review     • Scope of
                 Mar-                                                       Certifications
                 2022                                                       added to all
                                                                            locations -
                                                                            27017:2015,
                                                                            27018:2019,
                                                                            27701:2019
                                                                          •
                                                                          And ISMS Manual
                                                                          updated as
                                                                          Information Security
                                                                          and Privacy Manual




       TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                    48
19.0             25-      Vijaya   Balu        Siva     Approved       Approved and
                 Mar-                                   for Baseline   Baselined
                 2022

18.1             25-      Vijaya   Balu Nair   Siva N   For review     • Scope of
                 Mar-                                                    Certifications
                 2022                                                    added to all
                                                                         locations -
                                                                         27017:2015,
                                                                         27018:2019,
                                                                         27701:2019
                                                                        •
                                                                       And ISMS Manual
                                                                       updated as
                                                                       Information Security
                                                                       and Privacy Manual
19.0             25-      Vijaya   Balu        Siva     Approved       Approved and
                 Mar-                                   for Baseline   Baselined
                 2022

19.1             06-      Divya    Balu Nair   Siva N   For review     Scope of
                 05-                                                   Certifications is
                 2022                                                  updated to all
                                                                       locations and
                                                                       updated the risk
                                                                       rating
20.0             11-05-   Divya    Balu Nair   Siva N   Approved       Approved and
                 2022                                   for Baseline   Baselined

20.1             15-      Divya    Balu N               For Review     Updated Footer from
                 July-                                                 Trianz Confidential
                 2022                                                  to Trianz Internal

21.0             15-      Divya    Balu N      Siva N   For            • Approved and
                 July-                                  Approval         Baselined
                 2022




       TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                 49
21.1             10-     Beniyel S,   Balu N               For Review   Added Infosec
                 Mar-    Rama                                           Mandatory training
                 2023    Madhavan                                       in HR Learning .

                                                                        Migrated to new
                                                                        template
22.0             09-     Beniyel S    Balu N     Srikant   For          Approved and
                 May-                            hM        Approval     Baselined
                 2023

22.1             15-     Vijaya,      Srikanth             For Review   Section 4, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10
                 Feb-    Balu                                           are updated in
                 2024                                                   alignment to ISO
                                                                        27001:2022

23.0             23-     Vijaya,      Srikanth   Srikant   For          Approved and
                 Feb-    Balu                    hM        Approval     Baselined
                 2024


23.1             30-     Vijaya       Balu                 For Review   Scope Section
                 Apr-                                                   modified for current
                 2025                                                   scope, Removed
                                                                        scope of California
                                                                        location, ISO 27017
                                                                        and ISO 27018
                                                                        Certifications
24.0             14-     Vijaya       Balu       Srikant   For          Approved and
                 May-                            hM        Approval     Baselined
                 25




       TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                    50
                                Contact Information
                                               Name

                                               Email

                                              Phone




                                  Thank You
                                     infosec@trianz.com




 The content in this document is copyrighted; any unauthorized use – in part or full – may violate the
 copyright, trademark, and other laws. This document may not be modified, reproduced, or publicly
   displayed, performed, or distributed, or used for any public or commercial purposes. The Trianz
 name and its products are subject to trademark and copyright protections, regardless of how and
                                          where referenced.


TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                                      51
