Information Security Policy




TRIANZ INTERNAL               trianz.com
                         Statement of Confidentiality

  The information contained in this document is internal to Trianz. It shall not be
  disclosed, duplicated, or used for any purpose other than that stated herein, in
  whole or in part, without the express written consent of Trianz.




                            Information Classification

     ☐ Public

     ☒ Internal

     ☐ Confidential

     ☐ Restricted




TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                  2
                              Table of Contents
1.   INTRODUCTION                                                          6

2.   PURPOSE                                                               6

3.   OBJECTIVES                                                            6

4.   TRIANZ INFORMATION SECURITY POLICY STATEMENT                          6

     4.1 Guiding Principles                                                 7

     4.2 Scope                                                             8

     4.3 Resources                                                         8

     4.4 No Exception of Privacy and Monitoring                            9

     4.5 Regulatory Compliance                                             9

5.   RESPONSIBILITIES: SECURITY ORGANIZATION, AUTHORITY, AND OBLIGATIONS   10

     5.1 The Infosec & Data Privacy Assurance Team                         10

     5.2 Policy Authority and Maintenance                                  10

     5.3 Policy Review                                                     10

     5.4 Exceptions                                                        11

     5.5 Workforce Obligation to Comply                                    11

     5.6 Sanctions                                                         11

     5.7 Acknowledgment                                                    12

     5.8 Information Security Awareness, Education and    Training         12

     5.9 Client Policies                                                   13

     5.10 Data: Information Classification and Risk-Based Controls         14

     5.11 Public                                                           14

     5.12 Internal                                                         15

     5.13 Confidential                                                     15

     5.14 Restricted                                                       17

6.   PEOPLE: ROLES, ACCESS CONTROL, AND ACCEPTABLE USE                     19

     6.1 Roles                                                             20

     6.2 Identity and Access Management.                                   20

 TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                           3
     6.3 Acceptable Use Policy                                          21

7.   INFORMATION SECURITY OBJECTIVES                                    28

8.   INFORMATION ASSETS                                                 28

     8.1 Protecting Information Assets                                  28

     8.2 Managing Information Assets                                    32

     8.3 Mobile Device Management & Mobile Application Management       34

9.   THREAT INTELLIGENCE                                                35

10. PHYSICAL SECURITY, MONITORING AND PROTECTING AGAINST PHYSICAL AND
     ENVIRONMENTAL THREATS.                                             35

11. CONFIGURATION MANAGEMENT                                            36

12. INFORMATION DELETION                                                36

13. DATA MASKING                                                        36

14. DATA LEAKAGE PREVENTION                                             37

15. SUPPLIER MONITORING ACTIVITIES                                      37

16. WEB FILTERING                                                       37

17. SECURE CODING                                                       38

18. INCIDENT REPORTING AND RESPONSE                                     38

     18.1 Incident Reporting                                            38

     18.2 Event Management                                              40

     18.3 Breach Notification                                           40

19. SERVICE PROVIDERS: RISKS AND GOVERNANCE                             40

     19.1 Service Provider Approval Required                            40

     19.2 Contract Obligations                                          42

20. CLIENT INFORMATION: MANAGING INTAKE, MAINTENANCE, AND CLIENT REQUESTS.
                                                                       42

     20.1 Requirements Identification                                   42

     20.2 Intake Management                                             43

     20.3 Client Data Protection                                        43

     20.4          Client Data and Media Disposal                       43

 TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                        4
21. RISK AND COMPLIANCE MANAGEMENT            44

   21.1 Risk Assessment and Analysis          44

   21.2 Remediation and Mitigation Plans      44

   21.3 Vulnerability and Penetration Tests   45

   21.4 Compliance Management                 45

22. EFFECTIVE DATE                            45

23. ISO CONTROL MAPPING(S)                    45




TRIANZ INTERNAL                               5
1. Introduction
  This Information Security Policy (Policy) promotes an effective balance between
  information security practices and business needs. The Policy helps Trianz Inc.,
  (hereinafter “Trianz”) meet our legal obligations and our clients' expectations. From
  time to time, Trianz may implement different levels of security controls for different
  information assets, based on risk and other considerations.


2. Purpose
  Trianz handles sensitive information of clients. Protection of client information is
  vital to the Trianz.

  To fulfil this strategic objective Trianz has implemented information security
  management system.


3. Objectives
  Top Management will provide commitment and direction to establish and
  maintain information security.

  •   To ensure confidentiality, integrity and availability of critical information at all
      times

  •   To protect information assets

  •   To protect critical information from unauthorized access, use, disclosure,
      modification, and disposal, whether intentional or unintentional

  •   Ensuring Identification of the Information Security Objectives

  •   Ensuring a commitment to continually improve the Information Security
      Management System based on Information Security Objectives


4. Trianz Information Security Policy Statement
  Trianz Is committed to implement processes and systems to protect and
  safeguard the Confidentiality, Integrity and Availability (CIA) of all critical
  information and information processing assets from internal and external threats
  sources in order to ensure secure provision of business operations.”

  All associates are expected to read, understand, and follow this, Policy. However, no
  single policy can cover all the possible information security issues Organization

TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                        6
  may face. You must seek guidance from your manager or other designated Trianz
  resource before taking any actions that create information security risks or
  otherwise deviating from this Policy's requirements. Trianz may treat any failure to
  seek and follow such guidance as a violation of this Policy. This Policy is applicable
  for all On Premise and Cloud environments as well. For specific Security and Privacy
  related Policy information for Cloud computing environments, please refer to
  Cloud Security and Privacy Policy.

  Our clients, employees, and others rely on us to protect their information. An
  information security breach could severely damage our credibility. Security events
  can also cause loss of business, Reputation, revenue etc.to Trianz. Strong
  information security requires diligence by all workforce members, including
  employees, contractor employees, third party vendors, volunteers, and any others
  accessing or using our information assets. It is the responsibility of everyone.

  Please refer to Data Protection and Privacy Policy for organizational
  commitment on how Trianz is committed to protecting Personally Identifiable
  Information(PII) or Personal Data.


  4.1 Guiding Principles

              Trianz follows these guiding principles when developing and
              implementing information security controls:

              a)    Trianz strives to protect the confidentiality, integrity, and
              availability of its information assets and those of its clients.

              b)      Trianz will comply with applicable privacy and data protection
              laws.

              c)    Trianz will balance the need for business efficiency with the need
              to protect sensitive, proprietary, or other confidential information from
              undue risk.

              d)     Trianz will grant access to sensitive, proprietary, or other
              confidential information only to those with a need to know and at the
              least level of privilege necessary to perform their assigned functions.

              e)    Recognizing that an astute workforce is the best line of defence,
              Trianz will provide security training opportunities and expert resources
              to help individuals understand and meet their information security
              obligations.



TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                      7
              f)    Trianz will define Information Security Objectives against
              Information Security Controls for better control effectiveness and
              continual improvement.


  4.2 Scope

             This Policy applies across the entire Trianz enterprise including
             External vendors, Service Providers, Clients, Business Partners that
             may have access to Trianz’s Organizational information.

             This Policy provides detailed information security guidance to
             employees must be followed in addition to any obligations listed in
             applicable code of conduct or employee handbook.

             This Policy states Trianz’ s information security policy. In many cases,
             you are personally responsible for taking or avoiding specific actions
             as the Policy states. In some situations, The Infosec & Data Privacy
             Assurance Team, or another Trianz resource takes or avoids the
             stated actions.

             From time to time, Trianz may approve and make available more
             detailed or location or business unit specific policies, procedures,
             standards, and processes to address specific information security
             issues. Those additional policies, procedures, standards, and
             processes are extensions to this Policy. You must comply with them,
             where applicable, unless you obtain an approved exception.


  4.3 Resources

             No single document can cover all the possible information security
             issues you may face. Balancing our need to protect Trianz's
             information assets with getting work done can also be challenging.
             Many effective Organizational, People , Physical, and Technical
             Controls are available. Do not make assumptions about the cost or
             time required to implement them. Ask for help.

             You must seek guidance before taking any actions that create
             information security risks. Contact your manager.




TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                         8
  4.4 No Exception of Privacy and Monitoring

             Except where applicable law provides otherwise, you should have no
             exception of privacy when using Trianz's network or systems, including,
             but not limited to, transmitting and storing files, data, and messages.

             To enforce compliance with Trianz's policies and protect Trianz's
             interests, Trianz reserves the right to monitor any and all use of its
             network and systems to the extent permitted by applicable law. By
             using.

             Trianz's systems, you agree to such monitoring. Monitoring may
             include (but is not necessarily limited to) intercepting and reviewing
             network traffic, emails, or other messages or data sent or received and
             inspecting data stored on individual file directories, hard disks, or other
             printed or electronic media.


  4.5 Regulatory Compliance

             Various information Security and Data protection or Privacy laws,
             regulations, and industry standards apply to Trianz and the data we
             handle that includes Personally Identifiable Information or Personal
             Data or Personal Sensitive Data. Trianz is committed to complying with
             all such applicable laws, regulations, and standards. Our clients expect
             nothing less from us.

             This section lists the obligations that you are the most likely to
             encounter. Do not assume that these are the only laws that may apply.
             To identify specific obligations, you must seek guidance from Legal
             and the Infosec & Data Privacy Assurance Team when collecting,
             creating, or using new or different types of information or Personal
             Data.

              (a) Personal Information: Data Protection and Breach Notification
                 Laws: State laws protect individuals' personal information, such as
                 Social Security numbers, driver's license numbers, financial account
                 information, and other sensitive data. Most states have enacted
                 breach notification laws that require organizations to notify affected
                 individuals if personal information is lost or accessed by unauthorized
                  parties. Some states have enacted data protection laws that require
                  organizations to protect personal information using reasonable data

TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                            9
                  security measures or more specific means. These laws may apply to
                  personal information for Trianz’s employees, clients, business
                  partners, External Vendors, Service Providers and others.

                  Before collecting, creating, using or Processing personal information
                  for any purpose, contact Data Privacy team via email:
                  Privacy@trianz.com


5. Responsibilities: Security Organization, Authority, and
   Obligations
  Trianz and its leadership recognize the need for a strong information security
  program.


  5.1 The Infosec & Data Privacy Assurance Team

             Trianz has designated Chief Information officer (CIO) and Chief
             Information Security Officer (CISO) to head the Information Security and
             Data Privacy Assurance        and accountable for all aspects of its
             information security program. Contact the team via email:
             InfoSec@trianz.com for any guidance/clarifications/support needed.


  5.2 Policy Authority and Maintenance

             Trianz has granted the Information Security and Data Privacy Assurance
             team the authority to develop, maintain, and enforce this Policy and any
             additional policies, procedures, standards, and processes, as deemed
             necessary and appropriate.


  5.3 Policy Review

             On at least annual basis, Information Security and Data Privacy
             Assurance team will initiate a review of this Policy, engaging stakeholders
             such as individual business units, Human Resources, Legal, and other
             Trianz organizations, as appropriate.




TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                      10
  5.4 Exceptions

             Trianz recognizes that specific business needs and local situations may
             occasionally call for an exception to this Policy. Exception requests must
             be logged in the exception handling tool in the control doc tool by IS
             Team with necessary approvals from CISO with reference to the
             exception handling policy. The Information Security and Data Privacy
             Assurance team must periodically review all the exceptions.

             Information Security and Data Privacy Assurance team will not approve
             any exception simply because the same was previously approved in a
             similar situation. Each noncompliant situation requires a review of the
             specific facts and risks to Trianz’s information assets and those of our
             clients.


  5.5 Workforce Obligation to Comply

       Employees and contractors are obligated to comply with all aspects of this
       Policy that apply to them. This Policy is not intended to restrict
       communications or actions protected or required by federal, state, or local
       law.

       Trianz may treat any attempt to bypass or circumvent security controls as a
       violation of this Policy. For example, sharing passwords, deactivating anti-virus
       software, removing or modifying secure configurations, or creating
       unauthorized network connections are prohibited.

       Trianz takes steps to help employees and contractors understand this, Policy.
       Employees and Contractors are responsible for their own actions and
       compliance with this Policy. Employees and Contractors should question and
       report any situation to manager or Infosec & Data Privacy Assurance Team
       that appears to violate this Policy or creates any undue information security
       risk.


  5.6 Sanctions

             Any violation of this Policy may result in disciplinary action or other
             sanctions. Sanctions may include (in accordance with applicable law)
             suspension, access restrictions, work assignment limitations, or more
             severe penalties up to and including termination. If Trianz suspects illegal


TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                       11
             activities, it may report them to the applicable authorities and aid in any
             investigation or prosecution of the individuals involved.


  5.7 Acknowledgment

             All employees and contractors must acknowledge that they have read,
             understood, and agree to comply with this Policy either in writing or
             through an approved online process. Acknowledgment must be
             completed on a timely basis following a new hire or as otherwise
             designated by Information Security and Data Privacy Assurance team.
             Material changes to this Policy may require additional acknowledgment.
             Trianz will retain acknowledgment records.


  5.8     Information Security Awareness, Education and Training

             AWARNESS:

             Trianz’s information security awareness programme shall aim to make
             personnel aware of their responsibilities for information security and the
             means by which those responsibilities are discharged.

             The awareness programme shall be planned to take into consideration
             the roles of personnel in the organization, including internal and external
             personnel (e.g. external consultants, supplier personnel). The activities in
             the awareness programme shall be in the form of mailers.

             Information security awareness shall cover general aspects such as:

             •    Management's commitment to information security throughout the
                  organization.
             •    Familiarity     and   compliance   needs    concerning     applicable
                  information security rules and obligations, taking into account
                  information security policy and topic-specific policies, standards,
                  laws, statutes, regulations, contracts and agreements.
             •    personal accountability for one's own actions and inactions, and
                  general responsibilities towards securing or protecting information
                  belonging to the organization and interested parties.
             •    basic information security procedures [e.g. information security
                  event reporting and baseline controls [e.g. password security



TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                       12
  •   contact points and resources for additional information and advice on
      information security matters, including further information security awareness
      materials.

  EDUCATION & TRAINING:

      Trianz shall identify, prepare and implement an appropriate training plan for
      technical teams whose roles require specific skill sets and expertise. Technical
      teams should have the skills for configuring and maintaining the required
      security level for devices, systems, applications and services. If there are
      missing skills, the organization should take action and acquire them.

      The education and training program shall consider different forms [e.g.
      mentored by expert staff or consultants (on-the-job training), rotating staff
      members to follow different activities, recruiting already skilled people and
      hiring consultants.

      Trianz recognizes that an astute workforce is the best line of defense. Trianz will
      provide security training opportunities and expert resources to help employees
      and contractors understand their obligations under this Policy and avoid
      creating undue risks. Employees must complete information security training
      within a reasonable time after initial hire. All workforce members must complete
      information security training on at least an annual basis. Managers must ensure
      that their employees complete all required training.

      Trianz may deem failure to participate in required training a violation of this
      Policy.

      Trianz will retain attendance records and copies of security training materials
      delivered.


  5.9 Client Policies

      Trianz may handle sensitive client information. In some cases, Trianz may agree
      to comply with specific client information security policies or standards. To
      minimize special cases, Trianz has developed this Policy to include the
      requirements common to most of our clients.

      If Trianz agrees to comply with additional client-specific information security
      policies or standards, Trianz will notify affected workforce members. Trianz’s
      Workforce must comply with any such policies or standards, including any
      related training or additional background screening requirements.


TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                       13
      Legal and the Information Security and Data Privacy Assurance team must
      review and approve any client agreements that require compliance with
      specific information security policies or standards.


     5.10         Data: Information Classification and Risk-Based
       Controls

             Trianz has established a three-tier classification scheme to protect
             information according to risk levels. The information classification
             scheme allows Trianz to select appropriate security controls and
             balance protection needs with costs and business efficiencies.



             All Trianz information may be classified as Public, Internal, Confidential
             and Restricted.



             Unless it is marked otherwise or clearly intended to be Public Information,
             treat all Trianz and client information as if it is Confidential Information,
             regardless of its source or form, including electronic, paper, verbal, or
             other information.

             You must apply security controls appropriate for the assigned
             information classification level to all information you store, transmit, or
             otherwise handle. Use classification level markings, where feasible.


  5.11 Public

          Public Information is information that Trianz has made available to the
          general public. Information received from another party (including a client)
          that is covered under a current, signed non-disclosure agreement must not
          be classified or treated as Public Information.

          (a) Public Information Examples: Some Public Information examples
             include, but are not limited to:

          i. press releases;     ii. Trianz marketing materials;     iii. job
             announcements; and          iv. any information that Trianz
             makes available on its publicly accessible website.




TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                        14
          Do not assume that any information you obtain from Trianz’s internal
          network or systems is publicly available. For example, draft marketing
          materials are typically Confidential Information until their release. Consider
          all information to be at least Confidential Information, and not available for
          public disclosure without authorization, until you verify it is Public
          Information.


  5.12 Internal

      Internal classification is for all organization assets that are owned by Trianz and
      meant only for internal circulation.

      Internal – Internal use only - information will be made available to all the
      employees of the organization and would be made available only to authorized
      persons outside the organization (for example, a client or a third-party service
      provider).

      Adequate security measures shall be taken to prevent unauthorized access
      and/or modifications within the organization.

      Some examples are operating procedure manuals, internal announcements,
      process assets etc.


  5.13 Confidential

      Confidential Information is information that may cause harm to Trianz, its
      clients, employees, or other entities or individuals if improperly disclosed, or that
      is not otherwise publicly available. Harms may relate to an individual's privacy,
      Business Confidential information, Trianz’s marketplace position or that of its
      clients, or legal or regulatory liabilities.

      Mark Confidential Information to denote its status when technically feasible.

      Applications or databases that contain Confidential Information may be
      marked with an initial banner shown upon system access.

      You must have authorization to disclose Confidential Information to an external
      party.

      Seek guidance from your manager or Legal prior to disclosing Confidential
      Information and verify that an appropriate nondisclosure or other agreement is
      in effect.



TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                         15
      (a) Confidential      Information Examples: Some           Confidential    Information
              examples include, but are not limited to:

      i.        Trianz financial data, client lists, revenue forecasts, program or project
                plans, and intellectual property;

      ii.       client-provided data, information, and intellectual property;

      iii.      client contracts and contracts with other external parties, including
                vendors;

      iv.       communications or records regarding internal Trianz matters and assets,

                Including operational details and audits;

      v.        Trianz policies, procedures, standards, and processes (for example, this
                Policy is Confidential

                Information and should not be shared without authorization from the
                Infosec & Data Privacy Assurance Team);

      vi.       any information designated as "confidential" or some other protected
                information classification by an external party and subject to a current
                non-disclosure or other agreement;

      vii.      information regarding employees

      viii.     any summaries, reports, or other documents that contain Confidential
                Information; and

      ix.       Drafts, summaries, or other working versions of any of the above.

      (b) Safeguards: You must protect Confidential Information with specific
              administrative, physical, and technical safeguards implemented according
              to risks, including (but not necessarily limited to):

      i.        Authentication: Electronically stored Confidential Information must
                only be accessible to an individual after logging in to Trianz’s network.

      ii.       Discussions: Only discuss Confidential Information in non-public
                places, or if a discussion in a public place is absolutely necessary, take
                reasonable steps to avoid being overheard.

      iii.      Copying/Printing/Faxing/Scanning: Only scan, make copies, and
                distribute Confidential Information to the extent necessary or allowed
                under any applicable non-disclosure agreement or other applicable
                agreement. Take reasonable steps to ensure that others who do not
                have a business need to know do not view the information.

TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                              16
              When faxing Confidential Information, use a cover sheet that informs
              the recipient that the information is Trianz’s Confidential Information.
              Set fax machines to print a confirmation page after sending a fax.
              Locate copiers, fax machines, scanners, and other office equipment in
              physically secured areas and configure them to avoid storing
              Confidential Information.

      iv.     Encryption: Encrypt Confidential Information when storing it on a
              laptop, smartphone, or other mobile device, including mobile storage
              devices. Consider encrypting Confidential Information when
              processing or transmitting / transporting it externally, based on
              specific risks. Seek assistance from IS Team or Information Security
              and Data Privacy Assurance Team, if needed.

      v.      Mailing: Use a service that requires a signature for receipt of the
              information when sending Confidential Information outside Trianz.
              When sending Confidential Information inside Trianz, use a sealed
              security envelope marked "Confidential Information."

      vi.     Meeting Rooms: You should only share Confidential Information in
              meeting rooms that are physically secured. Erase or remove any
              Confidential Information that you write on a whiteboard or other
              presentation tool upon the meeting's conclusion.

      vii.    Need to know: Only access, share, or include Confidential Information
              in documents, presentations, or other resources when there is a
              business need to know.

      viii.   Physical Security: Only house systems that contain Confidential
              Information, or store Confidential Information in paper or other forms,
              in physically secured areas.


  5.14 Restricted

      Restricted Information is information that may cause serious and potentially
      irreparable harm to Trianz, its clients, employees, or other entities or
      individuals if disclosed or used in an unauthorized manner resulting in legal
      liabilities. Restricted Information is a subset of Confidential Information that
      requires additional Protection as it contains personal or Sensitive Data .




TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                          17
      Mark Restricted Information to denote its status when technically feasible.
      Applications or databases that contain Restricted Information may be
      marked with an initial banner shown upon system access.

      You may not remove Restricted Information from Trianz’s environment
      without authorization.

      You must have authorization to disclose Restricted Information to an external
      party. Seek guidance from Legal and the the Infosec & Data Privacy
      Assurance Team prior to disclosing Restricted Information externally to
      ensure Trianz meets its legal obligations.

      (a) Restricted Information Examples: Some Restricted Information examples
             include, but are not limited to:

      i.      Personal information for employees, clients, business partners, or others;
              and ii. Sensitive Trianz business information, such as budgets, financial
              results, or strategic plans.

      (b) Safeguards:       You must protect Restricted Information with specific
             administrative, physical, and technical safeguards implemented according
             to risks and as prescribed by applicable laws, regulations, and standards,
             both at rest and in transit including (but not necessarily limited to):



      ii.     Authentication: Electronically stored Restricted Information must only
              be accessible to an individual after logging in to Trianz’s network and
              with specific authorization.

      iii.    Discussions: Restricted Information can only be discussed in non-public
              places, after ensuring that there is no eavesdropping.

      iv.     Copying/ Printing/Faxing/Scanning: Do not scan, copy, or distribute
              Restricted Information unless absolutely necessary. Take reasonable
              steps to ensure that others who do not have a specific business need to
              know do not view the information.

     i.       When faxing Restricted Information, use a cover sheet that informs the
              recipient that the information is Trianz’s Restricted Information. Set fax
              machines to print a confirmation page after sending a fax. Locate
              copiers, fax machines, scanners, and other office equipment in
              physically secured areas and configure them to avoid storing
              Restricted Information.


TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                            18
 ii.    Encryption: You must encrypt Restricted Information when transmitting it,
        whether externally or internally, or when storing it on a laptop, smartphone,
        or other mobile device, including mobile storage devices such as USB
        drives. You should also encrypt Restricted Information when storing it on a
        server, database, or other stationary device.

 iii.   Mailing: Do not mail Restricted Information unless absolutely necessary.
        Use a service that requires a signature for receipt of the information when
        sending Restricted Information outside Trianz. When sending Restricted
        Information inside Trianz, use a sealed security envelope marked
        "Restricted Information." If you use electronic media to mail Restricted
        Information, you must encrypt, and password protect it.

 iv.    Meeting Rooms: You must only share Restricted Information in meeting
        rooms that are physically secured. Erase any Restricted Information that
        you write on a whiteboard or other presentation tool upon the meeting's
        conclusion.

 v.     Need to know: Only access, share, or include Restricted Information in
        documents, presentations, or other resources when there is a specific
        business need to know.

 vi.    Network Segmentation: You may only make Restricted Information
        available to areas of Trianz’s network where there is a specific business
        need. Restricted Information must be segmented from the rest of Trianz’s
        network through the use of controls such as firewalls, access control, or
        other security mechanisms.

 vii.   Physical Security: Only house systems that contain Restricted Information,
        or store Restricted Information in paper or other forms, in physically
        secured areas, accessible only to those with a specific business need to
        know.

        Data Retention: Data is retained securely only as-long-as it is necessary to
        meet legitimate business requirements and applicable law or any other legal
        / contractual requirements.


6. People: Roles, Access Control, and Acceptable Use
  People are the best defense in information security. They are also the weakest
  link. Trianz grants access to its systems and data based on business roles. Trianz



TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                         19
  places limits on how you may use and interact with its information assets. These
  restrictions help lower risks and protect you and Trianz.


  6.1 Roles

  Business roles and role-based access are based on the individual's stake with
  Trianz and assigned activities.

  a) Employees:     Human Resources provides employee screening and
      background investigations. Trianz may require employees who handle
      Restricted Information to undergo additional background screening and
      testing where permitted by applicable laws.

       Supervising managers may request access for their employees only to those
       Trianz systems and data required to meet business needs.

  b) External Parties: Trianz grants systems access to approved external parties,
      such as contractors, vendors, service providers, business partners, or others
      with a demonstrated business need that cannot be reasonably met
      through other means. Trianz may support different access levels for
      different business situations.

       A sponsoring employee must be designated for any external party before
       Trianz grants access to its systems or data. The sponsoring employee is
       responsible for supervising the external party, including compliance with this
       Policy.

      The sponsoring employee may request access only to those Trianz
      resources necessary to meet business needs. The sponsoring employee
      must also request that any access granted be terminated when the
      business need ends.


  6.2 Identity and Access Management.

      Trianz uses identity and access management controls to provide user
      accounts with appropriate privileges to employees and others. Trianz will
      assign each individual a unique identifier using a standard algorithm (the
      individual's "primary ID"). Trianz should only create device or application-
      specific identifiers if the primary ID cannot be used. Device or application-
      specific identifiers must be linked to an accountable individual.




TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                       20
  a) Unique User Accounts: Trianz assigns unique user accounts and passwords
     to individuals, using their primary ID. You must not share your account or
     password with others. If system or other administrative accounts cannot be
     uniquely assigned to specific individuals, Trianz should use mediated
     access, audit logs, or other technical controls to provide individual
     accountability.

  b) Add, Change, Terminate Access: Trianz restricts access to specific
     resources to those with a business need to know. Responsible managers
     should direct requests to add or change access levels to Information
     Systems (IS team). System and application administrators must
      periodically review user accounts and access levels to confirm that a
      legitimate business need for the access still exists.

      When an employee leaves the business, Human Resources must
      immediately notify Information Systems (IS team). . Information Systems (IS
      team) will timely deactivate the individual's account(s). Managers should
      seek guidance from Human Resources and            Infosec & Data Privacy
      Assurance Team regarding access for employees on extended leaves.



  c) Authorization Levels and Least Privilege: Proper authorization levels ensure
     that Trianz only grants individuals the privileges they need to perform their
     assigned activities and no more. Known as least privilege access, this
     method minimizes risks. Least privilege applies to user and administrative
     access. You must not grant administrative privileges unless there is a
     specific business need and limit them to the extent feasible.

  d) Role-Based Access Controls: Use role-based access control methods
     wherever feasible to assign authorization levels according to business
     functions, rather than uniquely for each individual. This method supports the
     least privilege mechanism by standardizing access. It also simplifies
     periodic access reviews.


  6.3 Acceptable Use Policy

      Trianz provides employees and others with network resources and systems
      to support its business requirements and functions. This section limits how
      you may use Trianz’s information assets and explains the steps you must take
      to protect them.


TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                      21
      If you have any questions regarding acceptable use of Trianz’s resources,
      please discuss them with your manager or contact The Infosec & Data
      Privacy Assurance Team for additional guidance.

      General Use of Information Technology Resources: Trianz provides network
      resources and systems for business purposes. Any incidental non-business
      use of Trianz’s resources must be for personal purposes only. Do not use
      Trianz’s resources for commercial purposes, personal gain, or any purpose
      that may create a real or perceived conflict of interest with Trianz.

      Do not use Trianz’s resources in a manner that negatively impacts your job
      performance or impairs others' abilities to do their jobs.

      Do not use Trianz’s network or systems for activities that may be deemed
      illegal under applicable federal, state, local, or international law. If Trianz
      suspects illegal activities, it may report them to the appropriate authorities
      and aid in any investigation or prosecution of the individuals involved.

      Prohibited Activities: Trianz prohibits using its resources to engage in
      activities such as (but not necessarily limited to) the following:

      hacking, spoofing, or launching denial of service attacks;

      gaining or attempting to gain unauthorized access to others' networks or
      systems;

      sending fraudulent email messages;

      Forwarding emails from the personal email id’s to Trianz official email id’s
      without verifying the sender’s identity and authenticity.

      Forwarding emails from Trianz official Id’s to personal Id’s without verifying
      the sender’s identity and authenticity.

      distributing or attempting to distribute malicious software (malware);

      spying or attempting to install spyware or other unauthorized monitoring or
      surveillance tools;

      committing criminal acts such as terrorism, fraud, or identity theft;

      downloading, storing, or distributing child pornography or other obscene
      materials;

      downloading, storing, or distributing materials in violation of another's
      copyright;



TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                     22
      creating undue security risks or negatively impacting the performance of
      Trianz’s network and systems;

      causing embarrassment, loss of reputation, or other harm to Trianz;

      uploading, downloading, or disseminating defamatory, discriminatory,
      vilifying, sexist, racist, abusive, rude, annoying, insulting, threatening,
      obscene, or otherwise inappropriate or offensive messages or media;

      distributing joke, chain letter, commercial solicitations, or hoax emails or
      other messages (spamming);

      disrupting the workplace environment, creating a hostile workplace, or
      invading the privacy of others;

      using encryption or other technologies in an attempt to hide illegal, unethical,
      or otherwise inappropriate activities; and

      installing or distributing unlicensed or pirated software.

      Desktop, Laptop, and End-User Controls: You may only access Trianz’s
      network using approved end user devices that support our current minimum
      information security standards. Standards for end user devices may include
      protective controls and specific configurations, such as anti-virus software,
      patching levels, and required operating system or other software versions.
      Trianz-owned machines may be configured to automatically receive
      upgrades. You may be denied remote access using non Trianz owned
      devices that do not meet current standards.

      Use your own Trianz-provided account(s) to access Trianz’s network and
      systems, unless you have been specifically authorized to use a device-
      specific, administrative, or other account .

      Screen saver passwords, also known as "workstation timeouts" or "lock
      screens," secure Confidential Information by protecting active computer
      sessions when you step away. Locking screen savers must activate after a
      maximum inactivity time of 15 minutes. If you handle Restricted Information,
      lock your screen any time you leave it unattended.

      Information Handling and Storage : You must properly handle, store, and
      securely dispose of Trianz’s information in accordance with Trianz’s Records
      Retention Schedule. You are responsible for any Confidential or Restricted
      Information that you access or store. Do not allow others to view, access, or
      otherwise use any Confidential or Restricted Information you control unless
      they have a specific business need to know.

TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                      23
      Store files or other data critical to Trianz’s operations on regularly maintained
      (backed up) servers or other storage resources. Do not store business critical
      data only on end-user devices such as desktops, laptops, smartphones, or
      other mobile devices.



      Physically secure any media containing Trianz information, including hard
      drives, CDs, disks, paper, voice recordings, removable drives (such as thumb
      drives, flash drives, USB drives), or other media.

      Media containing Confidential or Restricted Information must be stored in a
      locked area when not in use.

      Shred or otherwise destroy paper that contains Confidential or Restricted
      Information prior to disposal. Return all electronic, magnetic, or optical media
      to IT for secure disposal when it is no longer required to meet business needs.

      Internet Use: Email, Messaging, Social Media, and Cloud Computing. The
      internet offers a variety of services that Trianz employees and contractors
      depend on to work effectively. However, some technologies create undue
      risks to Trianz’s assets. Some uses are not appropriate in the workplace.

      Trianz may block or limit access to particular services, websites, or other
      internet-based functions according to risks and business value. Recognize
      that inappropriate or offensive websites may still be reachable and do not
      access them using Trianz resources.

      General Internet Use: Limit your web browsing and access to streaming
      media (such as videos, audio streams or recordings, and webcasts) to
      business purposes or as otherwise permitted by this Policy. Internet use must
      comply with this Policy.

      Never use internet peer-to-peer file sharing services, given the risks to
      Trianz’s information assets they create.

      Do not use internet-based remote access services to access Trianz’s network
      or systems, including desktop computers. If you need remote access, use
      Trianz-provided or authorized software..

      Email and Social Media. Do not disclose Confidential or Restricted Information
      to unauthorized parties on blogs or social media or transmit it in unsecured
      emails or instant messages. Do not make postings or send messages that
      speak for Trianz or imply that you speak for Trianz unless you have been
      authorized to do so.

TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                       24
      Use good professional judgment when drafting and sending any
      communications. Remember that messages may be forwarded or
      distributed outside your control, and your professional reputation is at stake.
      Email signatures should be professional, appropriate for your business role,
      and not unreasonably long or complex.

      Never open an email attachment that you did not expect to receive, click on
      links, or otherwise interact with unexpected email content. Attackers
      frequently use these methods to transport viruses and other malware. Be
      cautious, even if messages appear to come from someone you know, since
      attackers can easily falsify (spoof) email senders. Trianz may block some
      attachments or emails, based on risk.

      Do not respond to an email or other message that requests Confidential or
      Restricted Information unless you have separately verified and are certain of
      its origin and purpose. Even then, always protect Confidential or Restricted
      Information as described, Data: Information Classification and Risk-Based
      Controls.



      If you have any doubts regarding the authenticity or risks associated with an
      email or other message you receive, contact IT immediately and before
      interacting with the message. Do not reply to suspicious messages, including
      clicking links or making unsubscribe requests. Taking those actions may
      simply validate your address and lead to more unwanted or risky messages.

      Cloud Computing Trianz may use internet-based, outsourced services for
      some computing and data storage activities based on business needs.
      Cloud computing services store data and provide services in internet
      accessible data centers that may be located almost anywhere. Cloud
      services vary significantly in service levels and security provided.

      While cloud services may offer an attractive cost model, they also present
      significant risks. Using them may also affect Trianz’s ability to comply with
      some laws. Before using any cloud computing services to collect, create,
      store, or otherwise manage Trianz’s Confidential or Restricted Information,
      you must obtain approval from Legal and the The Infosec & Data Privacy
      Assurance Team .

      This Policy applies to any document sharing or other internet-based services,
      if Trianz Confidential or Restricted Information is stored.



TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                     25
      Mobile Devices and Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) to Work:

      Mobile devices, including laptops, smartphones, and tablet computers, can
      provide substantial productivity benefits. Mobile storage devices may
      simplify information exchange and support business needs. However, all
      these mobile devices also present significant risks to Trianz’s information
      assets, so you must take appropriate steps to protect them.

      Trianz may permit employees and others to use their own equipment to
      connect to its network and systems, as per BYOD Policy. If you choose to do
      so, you agree that your use of those devices is subject to this Policy and any
      additional policies, procedures, standards, and processes Trianz implements.
      You may be required to install specific security controls on your device (for
      example, device management software, access controls, encryption, remote
      wiping in case your device is lost or stolen, or other security controls).

      You must allow IT to review your device and remove any Trianz data, if your
      relationship with Trianz terminates, you change devices or services, or in
      other similar situations. You must also promptly provide Trianz with access to
      your device when requested for Trianz’s legitimate business purposes,
      including any security incident or investigation.

      Use encryption, other protection strategies (for example, device
      management software, access controls, remote wiping in case your device
      is lost or stolen, or other security controls), or both on any mobile device that
      contains Confidential or Restricted Information. Mobile devices, including
      those that provide access to Trianz email, must be protected using a
      password or other approved authentication method.

      Physically secure any mobile devices you use to access or store Trianz
      information. Never leave laptops or other devices unattended unless locked
      or otherwise secured. Do not leave mobile devices or the bags containing
      them visible in a parked car or check them as baggage on airlines or other
      public transportation.



      Do not connect a mobile device containing Trianz information to any
      unsecured network without an up-to-date firewall configured (or other
      security controls in place). Unsecured networks include home networks, hotel
      networks, open or for pay wireless hotspots, convention networks, or any
      other network that Trianz has not approved or does not control.



TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                       26
  a) Remote Access: If you have a business need to access Trianz’s network and
     systems from home, while traveling, or at another location, Trianz may grant
     you remote access.

      Use two-factor authentication to access Trianz’s network remotely. Configure
      remote access capabilities to limit access to only those assets and functions
      for which Infosec & Data Privacy Assurance Team approves. You may only
      use Trianz-provided means for remote access (for example, VPN
      connections, dial-up modems, Trianz portal). Do not install or setup any other
      remote connections, including remote desktop software, without the Infosec
      & Data Privacy Assurance Team 's authorization.

      Remote access connections should timeout (be disconnected) after a
      maximum of one hour of inactivity. Trianz does not permit split tunnelling or
      other mechanisms that bridge unsecure networks with Trianz’s network.

  b) External Network Connections: Some business situations may require
     creating a secure connection from Trianz’s network to an external party's
     network (extranet). Examples include working extensively with client
     systems, outsourcing, or partnering with another organization for an
     extended period of time. Extranet connections allow the organizations to
     share information and technical resources in a secure manner by
      connecting the two networks at their respective perimeters.

      The Infosec & Data Privacy Assurance Team must review and approve all
      extranets and any other external connections to Trianz’s network before
      implementation. A signed business agreement between the two
      organizations must accompany any extranet connection. Limit connectivity
      to only those assets required to perform the specified functions for the
      specified time period as contractually agreed between two parties. Trianz
      monitors extranet connections and may deactivate them if unusual or
      inappropriate traffic is detected.

  c) Wireless Network Connections: Do not connect any wireless access points,
     routers, or other similar devices to Trianz’s network unless Infosec & Data
     Privacy Assurance Team has reviewed and approved them.

      Secure and maintain approved wireless network (WiFi) connections
      according to current Trianz technical and physical security standards. Do not
      connect wireless access points (WAPs) directly to Trianz’s trusted network
      without going through a firewall or other protective controls. Deactivate WAPs
      when they are not in use, including during non-business hours.


TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                     27
      Only transmit, receive, or make available Restricted Information through WiFi
      connections using appropriate protective controls, including encryption. If
      you have questions regarding appropriate WiFi security measures to take
      when handling Restricted Information, contact Infosec & Data Privacy
      Assurance Team



      End-user devices that access wireless networks, such as laptops, must have
      personal firewalls installed and maintained according to current Trianz
      standards. Deactivate your computer’s wireless networking interface when it
      is not in use.


7. Information Security Objectives
  Top Management will provide commitment and direction to Identify the
  Information Security Objectives at relevant functions and levels and
  responsibilities will be assigned on how and when to achieve them.


8. Information Assets
  Protecting and Managing Trianz’s Information Technology Environment:

  This section describes key safeguards that Trianz uses to protect and manage
  its information technology (IT) environment. You must support their use to the
  extent that they apply to you.


  8.1 Protecting Information Assets

    Install and configure Trianz-owned computers according to current technical
    standards and procedures, including anti-virus software, other standard
    security controls, and approved operating system version and software
    patches. Trianz supports preventive controls to avoid unauthorized activities or
    access to data, based on risk levels. Trianz supports detective controls to timely
    discover unauthorized activities or access to data, including continuous
    system monitoring and event management.

 a) End-User Computers and Access: Configure end-user computers to request
     authentication from Trianz’s domain at startup and user login. End-user
     computers may be denied network access if installed software versions do


TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                      28
     not match current standards. Users may not access Trianz’s network unless
     they have been properly authenticated.

     Configure user accounts to require strong passwords. To protect against
     password guessing and other brute force attacks, Trianz will deactivate user
     accounts after five failed login attempts. Reactivation may be based on a
     timeout or manual reset according to risk and technical feasibility.

     Secure remote access points via VPN or Secure Private Access require two-
     factor authentication or single sign on (SSO). Encrypt authentication
     credentials during transmission across any network, either internal or
     external.

 b) Passwords and User Credentials: Select strong passwords and protect all
    user credentials, including passwords, tokens, badges, smart cards, or other
    means of identification and authentication. Implement password rules so
    that users select and use strong passwords, as per Password Policy.
    Automate password rule enforcement to the extent technically feasible.



       i.    Minimum Password Rules. At minimum passwords must:

            A. User-specified number of characters between 0 and 14 , be at least
                  8 characters;(mandatory)

            B. be comprised of a mix of letters (upper and lower case), numbers,
                  and special characters (punctuation marks and symbols);

            C. not be comprised of or use words that can be found in a dictionary;

            D. not be comprised of an obvious keyboard sequence or common
                  term (i.e., "qwerty," "12345678," or "password"); and

            E. Not include easily guessed data such as personal information
                  about yourself, your spouse, your pet, your children, birthdays,
                  addresses, phone numbers, locations, etc.

    Several techniques can help you create a strong password. Substituting
    numbers for words is common. For example, you can use the numerals two or
    four with capitalization and symbols to create a memorable phrase. Another
    way to create an easy to remember strong password is to think of a sentence
    and use the first letter of each word as a password.

    Treat passwords as Restricted Information. You may be required to change
    your password periodically according to current Trianz standards. Change

TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                     29
    your password immediately and report the incident ,if you have reason to
    believe that it has been compromised.

     ii.     Password Protection: Protect your passwords at all times by:

            A. Not disclosing your passwords to anyone, including anyone who
               claims to be from IT;

            B. Not sharing your passwords with others (including coworkers,
               managers, clients, or family);

            C. Not writing down your passwords or otherwise recording them in an
               unsecure manner;

            D. Not using save password features for applications, unless provided or
               authorized by Trianz;

            E. Not using the same password for different systems or accounts,
               except where single sign on features are automated; and

            F. Not reusing passwords.

     IT procedures and technical standards define additional steps to protect
     passwords for administrative or device-specific accounts.

     c) Perimeter Controls: Perimeter controls secure Trianz’s network against
        external attacks. Use firewalls with UTM (Unified Threat Management)
        features, configured according to current technical standards and
        procedures, to separate Trianz’s trusted network from the internet or
        internet-facing environments.

           Trianz may implement additional perimeter controls including intrusion
           detection and prevention services, data loss prevention software, specific
           router or other network configurations, or various forms of network
           monitoring according to risks. Do not create internet connections outside
           perimeter controls.

     d) Data and Network Segmentation: Trianz may use technical controls,
        such as firewalls, access control lists, or other mechanisms, to segment
        some data or areas of its network according to risks. Segment Restricted
        Information from the rest of Trianz’s network, to the extent technically
        feasible and reasonable Do not alter network segmentation plans
           without approval from the Infosec & Data Privacy Assurance Team.

     e) Encryption: Trianz uses encryption to protect Confidential and Restricted
        Information according to risks. Encryption may be applied to stored data

TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                     30
          (data-atrest) and transmitted data (data in-transit). Encrypting
          personal information may lower Trianz’s liability in the event of a data
          breach.

      Only use generally accepted encryption algorithms and products approved by
      the The Infosec & Data Privacy Assurance Team Periodically review encryption
      products and algorithms for any known risks.

      Laws may limit exporting some encryption technologies. Seek guidance from
      Legal prior to exporting or making any encryption technologies available to
      individuals outside the US.

      i. Encryption Key Management: Encryption algorithms use keys to transform
        and secure data. Because they allow decryption of the protected data,
        proper key management is critical. Select encryption keys to maximize
        protection levels, to the extent feasible and reasonable. Treat them as
        Restricted Information.

        Ensure that keys are available when needed to support data decryption by
        using secure storage methods and creating and maintaining secure
        backups. Track access to keys. Keys should never be known or available to
        only a single individual. Change encryption keys on a periodic basis
        according to risks.

 f)   Data and Media Disposal: When Trianz retires or otherwise removes
      computing, network, or office equipment (such as copiers or fax machines)
      or other information assets that may contain Confidential or Restricted
      Information from the business, specific steps must be taken to scrub or
      otherwise.

       render the media unreadable. Degaussing machine

       Simply deleting files or reformatting disks is not sufficient to prevent data
       recovery. Either physically destroy media, according to applicable waste
       disposal regulations, or scrub it using data wiping software that meets
       generally accepted data destruction standards. For example, see the
       National Institute of Standards and Technology's Special Publication 800-88,
       Guidelines for Media Destruction.

 g) Log Management and Retention: Trianz logs system and user activities on
    network, computing, or other information assets according to risks. Security
      controls or other network elements may also produce logs.




TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                      31
     Secure log data and files to prevent tampering and retain them according to
     Trianz’s Records Retention Schedule. Regularly review logs, using automated
     means where feasible, to identify any anomalous activities that may indicate
     a security incident.

     ICT Readiness for Business Continuity


  8.2 Managing Information Assets

      IT manages IT operations and related activities at Trianz.

      Only Trianz-supplied or approved software, hardware, and information
      systems, whether procured or developed, may be installed in Trianz’s IT
      environment or connected to Trianz’s network.

      CISO must approve and manage all changes to Trianz’s production IT
      environment to avoid unexpected business impacts. Direct questions
      regarding IT operations to IS@trianz.com / itservicedesk@trianz.com
      Development environments must comply with this Policy and current IT
      standards to minimize information security risks.

  a) Procurement: Only those authorized by IT, may procure information assets
     for use in or connection to Trianz’s network. This Policy applies whether
     software or other assets are purchased, open source, or made available to
     Trianz at no cost. Seek guidance from Infosec & Data Privacy Assurance
     Team early in the software development process to identify and manage
     information security risks prior to implementation. Before using cloud
     computing services to access, store, or manage Confidential or Restricted
     Information, you must obtain authorization from Legal and Infosec & Data
     Privacy Assurance Team (Cloud Computing).


  b) Asset Management: Track and document all information assets, including
     hardware, software, and other equipment, using Trianz’s asset management
     system(s). This inventory tracking should include operating system levels
     and all installed software and software versions to support vulnerability
     identification and mitigation. Update the asset inventory as assets are
     removed from the business. Confidential or Restricted Information must
     have an assigned data owner who is responsible for tracking its location,
     uses, and any disclosures. Properly dispose of all data and media to help
     avoid a breach of Confidential or Restricted Information .


TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                  32
  c) Authorized Environments and Authorities: Only authorized IT personnel,
     may install and connect hardware or software in Trianz’s IT environment. Do
     not convert end-user computers to servers or other shared resources
     without assistance from IT. Limit administrative, or privileged, systems
     access to those individuals with a business need to know. IT must distribute
     administrative access and information regarding administrative processes
     to more than one individual to minimize risks.
      Internet connections and internet-facing environments present significant
      information security risks to Trianz. Head of IS Operations must approve any
      new or changed internet connections or internet-facing environments.

  d) Change Management: IT maintains a change management process to
     minimize business impact or disruptions when changes are made in Trianz’s
     production IT environment. Change requests must be accompanied by an
     action       plan   that   includes   assigned   roles   and     responsibilities,
     implementation milestones, testing procedures, and a rollback plan, in the
     event the change fails.
      Implement and maintain a change management process to track identified
      problems, fixes, and releases during software development. Design these
      processes to include code archiving (versioning) tools so that earlier versions
      can be recovered and rebuilt, if necessary.

  e) Application and Software Development: To avoid any undue or unexpected
     impact to Trianz’s production IT environment, application and software
     development activities, including system testing, must take place in
     reasonably segmented environments. Maintain segregation of duties
     between development and operations. Developers may be granted limited
     access to production environments where personnel and expertise
     availability is limited, but only for specific troubleshooting or support
     purposes.      Software    development    must   take    place   in   authorized
     environments.


      Use security-by-design principles to identify potential information security
      risks and
      resolve them early in the development process. Seek guidance from Infosec
      & Data Privacy Assurance Team, critical vendors, industry experts, and best


TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                           33
         practices to identify and avoid application-level security risks. Pay particular
         attention to protecting Restricted Information through encryption or other
         appropriate means. Use defensive coding techniques and regular code
         review and application-level scanning to identify and remediate any
         information security issues before releasing software.


  8.3 Mobile           Device      Management          &     Mobile      Application
    Management

    Mobile devices, such as smartphones and tablet computers, are important
    tools for the organization and their use is supported to achieve business goals.

    However mobile devices also represent a significant risk to information
    security and data security as, if the appropriate security applications and
    procedures are not applied, they can be a conduit for unauthorized access to
    the organization’s data and IT infrastructure. This can subsequently lead to
    data leakage and system infection.

    Trianz has a requirement to protect its information assets in order to safeguard
    its customers, intellectual property and reputation. To accomplish this
    objective all mobile devices, whether owned by Trianz or owned by employees,
    that have access to corporate networks, data and systems, not including
    corporate IT managed laptops will be monitored as below:


    Mobile Device Management (MDM) for Trianz Company own devices:

    1. All devices will have to be mandatorily enrolled for MDM.

    2. All the information present on the device will be owned by Trianz.

    3. Trianz may, at its discretion or based on certain incidents like theft of
       device, compromised device etc., may remotely wipe the entire data on the
           device.

    Mobile Application Management (MAM) for Bring Your Own Device (BYOD):

    1.     All BYOD devices need to be enrolled for MAM, before being allowed for
           accessing BYOD policy permitted information or tools.
    2. All the MAM managed application information will be owned by Trianz, and all
           other information will be owned by the BYOD device owner.



TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                         34
    3. Trianz may, at its discretion or based on certain incidents like theft of device,
        compromised device etc., may remote wipe only the MAM managed data on
        the device such as Corporate Email data, One Drive data etc.
    4. Trianz MAM solution will not have access to user’s personal information or any
        other applications. Also, MAM solution will not wipe any other information
        other than MAM managed applications data.



9. Threat Intelligence
      Trianz is committed to ensuring that effective methods are employed to ensure
      the accuracy, completeness and timeliness of the threat intelligence it uses.
      This Process sets out the major steps involved in collecting and processing
      intelligence about threats at the strategic, tactical and operational levels.

      Please refer to Threat Intelligence Procedure


 10. Physical Security, Monitoring and Protecting against
    physical and environmental threats.
      a) Physical (Environmental) Security: Trianz uses physical safeguards to
          avoid theft, intrusions, unauthorized use, or other abuses of its
          information assets. You must comply with Trianz’s current physical
          security policies and procedures and:

     Trianz uses physical safeguards information assets such as Unauthorized
     entry.

      b) ensuring buildings are unobtrusive, IT and give minimum indication of
          their purpose or inside the building, identifying the presence of
          information processing activities;

      Ensures that display of Confidential and Restricted Information is not being
      visible and audible      for unauthorized individuals and outside        the
      organization.

      Trianz ensures continuous monitoring as follows.

      c) Installed CC TV Cameras to view, record and to monitor accessing to
          sensitive areas within and outside an organization's premises;

      CCTV equipment configuration and data protected from unauthorized access
       in order to prevent surveillance information, such as video feeds, from being

TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                     35
        accessed by unauthorized persons or systems being disabled remotely and
        compliance to applicable regulations.

      All Data Centres are equipped with Alarm Systems for any….(Need to ask
       Chandra)

      d) Risk assessments to identify the potential consequences of physical and
         environmental threats shall be performed prior to beginning critical
         operations at a physical site, and at regular intervals. Necessary
         safeguards/Controls shall be implemented and changes to threats shall be
         monitored. Specialist advice shall be obtained on how to manage risks
         arising from physical and environmental threats such as fire, flood,
          earthquake, explosion, civil unrest, toxic waste, environmental emissions and
          other forms of natural disaster or disaster caused by human.


11. Configuration Management
  Trianz has established Configuration Management Framework that includes
  software, Hardware and Services, networks etc., For all applicable Configuration
  Changes templates are defined, ,implemented and logs shall be maintained for all
  Configuration changes. Configurations shall be monitored with a comprehensive
  set of system management and shall be reviewed on a regular basis to verify
  configuration settings, evaluate password strengths and assess activities
  performed.


12. Information Deletion
  a) “Data Retention and Secure Disposal Policy “ ensures deletion method (e.g.
     electronic overwriting or cryptographic erasure) in accordance with business
     requirements and taking into consideration relevant laws and regulations;
     recording the results of deletion as evidence; and obtaining evidence of
      information deletion from suppliers etc.
      Refer to Data Retention and Secure Disposal Policy and Procedure.


13. Data Masking
  Sensitive data is encrypted at rest and in transit and complies with applicable
  legal, statutory, regulatory and contractual requirements. Various techniques such



TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                    36
  as Pseudonymization, Anonymization, Data Obsufication etc (Data Masking) are
  followed.

  Refer to Privacy By Design Procedure, Policy on the usage of Cryptographic
  Controls, Encryption Key Management Policy


14.   Data Leakage Prevention
      The policy is designed to ensure that the users do not send sensitive or critical
      information outside the

      corporate network. Data Loss Prevention (DLP) is the practice of detecting and
      preventing data.

      breaches, exfiltration, or unwanted destruction of sensitive data which includes
      Network DLP,

      End Point DLP, Cloud DLP & Storage DLP

      Please refer to DLP Policy


15.   Supplier Monitoring Activities
      Trianz shall monitor regularly monitor, review, evaluate and manage change in
      supplier information security practices and service delivery.

      conduct audits of suppliers and sub-suppliers, in conjunction with review of
      independent auditor's reports, if available and follow-up on issues identified;
      Please ensure Supplier Security Policy

      conduct audits of suppliers and sub-suppliers, in conjunction with review of
      independent auditor's reports, if available and follow-up on issues identified;


16.   Web Filtering
      Trianz ensures secure networking methods that includes Web filtering.This
      Policy is to protect systems from malware compromise and prevent access to
      unauthorized web resources.

      This enables Trianz to eliminate security risks such as malware infection that
      may arise because of access to external websites with malicious content.

      Please refer to Web Filtering Policy



TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                     37
17. Secure Coding
  Secure coding practices are integral part of Application Security followed by Trianz.
  All applications that pass or store data owned by Trianz are subject to this policy.
  This policy applies to all.

  applications within Trianz’s production environment, as well as administrators and
  users of these applications.

  Please refer to Secure SDLC Policy, Secure SDLC Procedure and Dev SEC Ops
  Procedure


18.    Incident Reporting and Response
      The Infosec & Data Privacy Assurance Team maintains a security incident
      reporting and response process that ensures management notifications are
      made based on the seriousness of the incident. The Infosec & Data Privacy
      Assurance Team investigates all reported or detected incidents and
      documents the outcome, including any mitigation activities or other
      remediation steps taken.


      18.1   Incident Reporting

             Immediately notify IS@trianz.com and/or log an incident ticket in the
             control doc tool Concierto tool if you discover a security incident or
             suspect a breach in Trianz’s information security controls. Trianz
             maintains various forms of monitoring and surveillance to detect
             security incidents, but you may be the first to become aware of a
             problem. Early detection and response can mitigate damages and
             minimize further risk to Trianz.

             All Information Security Incidents shall be managed in accordance
             with the Information Security Incident Management Response Policy
             and Procedure. The severity of the incident shall be assessed, and the
             management response shall be proportionate to the threat.

             Treat any information regarding security incidents as Restricted
             Information and do not share it, either internally or externally, without
             specific authorization.




TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                      38
             Security Incident Examples: Security incidents vary widely and include
             physical and technical issues. Some examples of security incidents
             that you should report include, but are not limited to:

             loss or suspected compromise of user credentials or physical access
             devices (including passwords, tokens, keys, badges, smart cards, or
             other means of identification and authentication);

             suspected malware infections, including viruses, Trojans, spyware,
             worms, or any anomalous reports or messages from anti-virus
             software or personal firewalls;

             loss or theft of any device that contains Trianz information (other than
             Public Information), including computers, laptops, tablet computers,
             smartphones, USB drives, disks, or other storage media;

             suspected entry (hacking) into Trianz’s network or systems by
             unauthorized persons;

             any breach or suspected breach of Confidential or Restricted

             Information;

             any attempt by any person to obtain passwords or other Confidential
             or Restricted Information in person or by phone, email, or other means.

             (sometimes called social engineering, or in the case of email,
             phishing); and

             any other any situation that appears to violate this Policy or otherwise
             create undue risks to Trianz’s information assets.

              Phishing

             Compromised Devices: If you become aware of a compromised
             computer or

                     another device:

             immediately deactivate (unplug) any network connections, but do not
             power down the equipment as valuable information regarding the
             incident may be lost if the device is turned off; and

             immediately notify IS@trianz.com , itservicedesk@trianz.com




TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                     39
18.2 Event Management

        The Infosec & Data Privacy Assurance Team defines and maintains a security
        incident response plan to manage information security incidents. Report all
        suspected incidents, as described in this Policy, and then defer to the incident
        response process. Do not impede the incident response process or conduct
        your own investigation unless the Infosec & Data Privacy Assurance Team
        specifically requests or authorizes it.


18.3 Breach Notification

        The law may require Trianz to report security incidents that result in the
        exposure or loss of certain kinds of information or that affect certain services
        or infrastructure to various authorities, affected individuals or organizations
        whose data was compromised, or both. Breaches of Restricted Information
        (and especially personal information) are the most likely to carry these
        obligations . The Infosec & Data Privacy Assurance Team ‘s incident response
        plan includes a step to review all incidents for any required breach
        notifications. Coordinate all external notifications with Legal and The Infosec
        & Data Privacy Assurance Team. Do not act on your own or make any external
        notifications without prior guidance and authorization.



19.Service Providers: Risks and Governance
       The Infosec & Data Privacy Assurance Team maintains a service provider
       governance program to oversee service providers that interact with Trianz’s
       systems or Confidential or Restricted Information. The service provider
       governance program includes processes to track service providers, evaluate
       service provider capabilities, and periodically assess service provider risks
       and compliance with this Policy.


19.1     Service Provider Approval Required

        Obtain approval from Legal and the Infosec & Data Privacy Assurance Team
        before engaging a service provider to perform functions that involve access
        to Trianz’s systems or Confidential or Restricted Information.



TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                        40
TRIANZ INTERNAL   41
19.2 Contract Obligations

      Service providers that access Trianz’s systems or Confidential or Restricted
      Information must agree by contract to comply with applicable laws and this
      Policy or equivalent information security measures. Trianz may require
      service providers to demonstrate their compliance with applicable laws and
      this Policy or agreed equivalent Information Security measures by submitting
      to independent audits or other forms of review or certification based on risks.



20. Client Information: Managing Intake, Maintenance, and
  client Requests.
      Trianz frequently creates, receives, and manages data on behalf of our
      clients. With guidance from the Infosec & Data Privacy Assurance Team, each
      business unit develops, implements, and maintains an appropriate process
      and procedures to manage client data intake and protection.

      Business unit-specific client data intake and protection processes may vary
      but must include, at minimum, means for (1) identifying client data and any
      pertinent requirements prior to data intake or creation; (2) maintaining an
      inventory of client data created or received; and (3) ensuring Trianz
      implements and maintains appropriate information security measures,
      including proper data and media disposal when Trianz no longer has a
      business need to retain the client data (or is no longer permitted to do so by
      client agreement).


20.1 Requirements Identification

      Identify any pertinent client data requirements prior to data intake or
      creation according to your business unit's client data intake and protection
      process. Requirements may be contractual, the result of applicable law or
      regulations, or both.




TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                     42
20.2 Intake Management

      Business unit-specific client data intake processes and procedures must
      provide for secure data transfer. Maintain an inventory of client data that
      includes, at a minimum:


          a) a description of the client data;


          b) the location(s) where the data is stored;


          c) who is authorized to access the data (by category or role, if
               appropriate);


          d) whether the data is Confidential or Restricted Information;


          e) how long the data is to be retained (using criteria, if appropriate); and


          f)   any specific contractual or regulatory obligations or other identified
               data protection or management requirements.


      Treat any client-provided personal information as Restricted Information To
      minimize risks for clients and Trianz, engage clients in an ongoing dialogue
      to determine whether business objectives can be met without transferring
      personal information to Trianz.


20.3 Client Data Protection

      Protect all client data Trianz creates or receives in accordance with this Policy
      and the data's information classification level, whether Confidential or
      Restricted Information, in addition to any specific client identified
      requirements.


20.4 Client Data and Media Disposal

      Ensure that any client data, or media containing client data, is securely
      disposed of when it is no longer required for Trianz business purposes, or as

TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                       43
       required by client agreement .Update the applicable business unit client
       data inventory accordingly.



21. Risk and Compliance Management

  Trianz supports an ongoing risk management action cycle to

  ✓ enforce this policy;

  ✓ identify information security risks;

  ✓ develop procedures, safeguards, and controls; and

  ✓ verify that safeguards and controls are in place and working properly.


21.1   Risk Assessment and Analysis

       Trianz maintains a risk assessment program to identify information security
       risks across its IT environment, including application software, databases,
       operating systems, servers, and other equipment, such as network
       components. The The Infosec & Data Privacy Assurance Team coordinates risk
       assessment activities that may take several.

       forms, including analyses, audits, reviews, scans, and penetration testing. Do
       not take any actions to avoid, impact, or otherwise impede risk assessments.



       Only the The Infosec & Data Privacy Assurance Team is authorized to
       coordinate risk assessments. Seek approval from Legal and the Information
       Security Coordinator prior to engaging in any risk assessment activities or
       disclosing any assessment reports outside Trianz.


21.2 Remediation and Mitigation Plans

       The Infosec & Data Privacy Assurance Team maintains and oversees
       remediation and mitigation plans to address risk assessment findings
       according to risk levels.




TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                      44
21.3 Vulnerability and Penetration Tests

        Manufacturers, security researchers, and others regularly identify security
        vulnerabilities in hardware, software, and other equipment. In most cases, the
        manufacturer or developer provides a patch or other fix to remediate the
        vulnerability. In some situations, the vulnerability cannot be fully remediated,
        but configurations can be changed, or other steps taken to mitigate the risk
        created.

        The Infosec & Data Privacy Assurance Team maintains a process to identify
        and track applicable vulnerabilities, scan devices for current patch status,
        and advise system administrators. Schedule any necessary updates using
        standard change management processes and according to risk level. Make
        all Trianz-owned devices available to IT for timely patching and related
        activities.


21.4 Compliance Management

        Trianz maintains compliance management processes to enforce this, Policy.
        Trianz may automate some monitoring and enforcement processes. If
        compliance management processes indicate that you may have acted
        contrary to this Policy, you may receive an automated notification or be
        contacted by the Information Security Coordinator to explain. In some cases,
        the Information Security Coordinator may contact your supervising
        manager or Human Resources to resolve the issue.



22.     Effective Date

      This Information Security Policy is effective from the date of notification.



23.     ISO Control Mapping(s)
        Category of                                                       Document Name as per ISO
                                  ISO 27001:2022 Control
          Control                                                                 27001:2022


      Organizational   5.1 Policies for information security Control
                       Information security policy and topic-          Information Security Policy
      Control
                       specific policies shall be defined, approved


TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                                      45
      Category of                                                Document Name as per ISO
                              ISO 27001:2022 Control
        Control                                                         27001:2022

                    by management, published, communicated
                    to, and acknowledged by relevant personnel
                    and relevant interested parties, and
                    reviewed at planned intervals and if
                    significant changes occur.




TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                         46
                                    Document Control


Owner:              CISO                             Release ID:          IS-POL-0005




       For Trianz Process Improvement Group (TPIG) Purpose Only
Version History

Ver.                                                       Reason for            Change
          Date             Author   Reviewer   Approver
 No.                                                        Change            Description

0.00    26-Feb-07    Jyotessh G                           Initial draft   None

                     Nair

0.01    26-Feb-07    Jyotessh G                           Review          Review feedback
                                                                          incorporated
                     Nair

1.00    26-Feb-07    Balu Nair                            Approved by     Baselined

                                                          Zulfikar Deen

1.01    30-Jul-08    Bharateesha                          Revised the     Changed the
                                                          policies in
                     BR                                                   Policy template
                                                          accordance
                                                          with

                                                          the revised
                                                          ISMS frame
                                                          work

2.00    29-Apr-09    Balu Nair                            Approval for    Baselined
                                                          Baseline

2.01    04-Jan-10    Balu Nair                            QMG review      Formatted entire
                                                                          document

3.00    04-Jan-10    Balu Nair                            Request for     Baselined
                                                          Baseline

3.01    14-May-10    Balu Nair                            QMG Review      Formatted the
                                                                          document, Modified
                                                                          cover page




TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                              47
Ver.                                                   Reason for             Change
         Date         Author     Reviewer   Approver
No.                                                      Change             Description

4.00   20-May-10   Balu Nair                           Request for      Baselined
                                                       baseline

4.01   06-May-11   Srilakshmi                          To maintain      Modified ReleaseID in
                                                       common           cover page and
                                                                        header
                                                       release id
                                                       allocation for
                                                       bluebook
                                                       documents

5.00   06-May-11   Srilakshmi                          Request for      Baselined
                                                       baseline

6.00   21-May-12   Srilakshmi                          QMG Review       Modified this
                                                                        policy format to
                                                                        template format
                                                                        of policy as per
                                                                        the standard
                                                                        format



                                                                        Modified purpose
                                                                        statement



                                                                        No change in policy
                                                                        statement

7.00   08-Nov-12   Balu Nair                           Standardizati    Modified the
                                                       onof Blue        template format.
                                                       Book
                                                                        Changed the Logo
                                                       Process
                                                                        No change.
                                                       Assets
                                                                        in policy statement

8.00   19-May-15   Sudharsana.                         Reviewed         Included

                                                       Information      Security
                                                       Security
                                                                        Statement and
                                                       Policy and
                                                                        context
                                                       approved




TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                            48
Ver.                                                      Reason for                 Change
          Date          Author   Reviewer    Approver
 No.                                                       Change               Description

8.01    16-Oct-16    Balu Nair                           Addition of        Inclusion of the
                                                         Cloud              Cloud Services
                                                         services as        wherever applicable
                                                         scope of

                                                         Certification.

9.00    09-Dec-16    Balu Nair                           Approved           Baselined

9.00    08-Nov-17    Balu Nair   Joshy VM    Ganesh A    Reviewed           No changes

9.00    17-Oct-18    Balu Nair   Joshy VM    Ganesh A    Reviewed           No changes

9.01    16-Jan-19    Joshy VM    Balu Nair                                  Added

                                                                            Policy clauses

10.00   15-Mar-19    Balu Nair               Ganesh A    Approved           Baselined

10.1    29-May-19    Balu Nair   Phani                   Addition      of   Added MDM
                                                         MDM
                                 Krishna                                    Policy
                                                         Policy

11.0    31-May- 19   Balu Nair               Ganesh A    Approved for       Baselined
                                                         Release

11.1    12-Nov-19     Anitha                 Vivek       Reference to
                                                         Data
                     Ravindran               Sambasiva
                                                         Protection
                                             m
                                                         and Cloud
                                                         Policy

11.2    20-Nov-19    Karthik     Phani                   Review

                     Narasimha   Krishna,

                                 Balu and

                                 Anita

11.3    19-Dec-19    Karthik N   Phani       Vivek S     Approved for       Baselined
                                                         release

11.4    14-Apr-20     Anitha     Phani                   Made it
                                 Krishna                 generic for
                     Ravindran



TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                                49
Ver.                                                    Reason for           Change
         Date          Author   Reviewer    Approver
No.                                                      Change            Description

                                                       all Trianz
                                                       entities.

                                                       Removed

                                                       references to
                                                       particular
                                                       Trianz entity

12.0   15-Apr-20     Anitha     Phani       Vivek S    Approved for    Baselines
                                Krishna                Release
                    Ravindran

12.1   11-May-20    Karthik N   Balu Nair              Review          Roles modified with
                                                                       CISO/CIO.

                                                                       Incident reporting
                                                                       modified.

13.0   14-May-20    Karthik N   Phani       Phani      For Approval    Approved and
                                Krishna     Krishna                    Baselined

13.1   29-Jul-20    Anitha      Phani                  Half yearly     Formatting and
                    Ravindran   Krishna                review as       table of contents
                                                       per review      has been changed
                                                       Cadence
                                                       report

14.0   31-July-20   Anitha      Phani       Phani      For Approval    Approved and
                    Ravindran   Krishna     Krishna                    Baselined

14.1   14-Jan-21    Balu Nair               Phani      For Review      Updated the
                                            Krishna                    information
                                                                       classification,
                                                                       Replaced
                                                                       Information Systems
                                                                       Coordinator with
                                                                       Infosec & Data
                                                                       Privacy Assurance
                                                                       Team and updated
                                                                       section 12 – Risks
                                                                       and Compliance
                                                                       Management

15.0   02-Feb-21    Balu Nair   Vijaya      Phani      For Approval    Approved and
                                Rajeswari   Krishna                    Baselined



TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                             50
Ver.                                                         Reason for            Change
         Date          Author       Reviewer    Approver
No.                                                            Change             Description

15.1   08-Nov-21   Karthik          Karthik N   Sivaramakr   For Review     Updated the
                   Narasimha                    ishnan N                    sections 2, 4, 5 and
                                                                            7.3

16.0   08-Nov-21   Karthik          Karthik N   Sivaramakr   For Approval   Approved and
                   Narasimha                    ishnan N                    Baselined

16.0   12-Aug-22   Sanjana,         Karthik N                For review     Reviewed with no
                                                                            changes.




16.1   12-May-23   Rama             Vijaya                   For Review     Migrated to new
                   Madhavan                                                 template

17.0   12-May-23   Beniyel S        Balu N      Srikanth M   For approval   Baselined

17.1   19-Jan-24   Balu, Beniyel,   Srikanth    Srikanth M   For Review     Policy is updated –
                   Vijaya           M                                       Migration from ISO
                                                                            27001:2013 to ISO
                                                                            27001:2022, Updated
                                                                            all sections, added
                                                                            Sections Web
                                                                            filtering, Information
                                                                            Deletion,
                                                                            Configuration
                                                                            Managment, Data
                                                                            Masking, Data
                                                                            Leakage Prevention
                                                                            ,Threat Modeling etc.

                   Balu, Beniyel,   Srikanth    Srikanth M   For approval   Approved and
18.0   23-Feb-24
                   Vijaya           M                                       Baselined

                                    Vijaya                   Year Review    Migrated to a new
18.1   6-May-25    Balu Nair
                                                                            Template

                                    Vijaya      Srikanth M   For Approval   Approved and
19.0   14-May-25   Balu Nair
                                                                            Baselined




TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                                    51
                                Contact Information
                                               Name

                                               Email

                                              Phone




                                  Thank You
                                     infosec@trianz.com




 The content in this document is copyrighted; any unauthorized use – in part or full – may violate the
 copyright, trademark, and other laws. This document may not be modified, reproduced, or publicly
   displayed, performed, or distributed, or used for any public or commercial purposes. The Trianz
 name and its products are subject to trademark and copyright protections, regardless of how and
                                          where referenced.


TRIANZ INTERNAL                                                                                      52
