Policy on Confidentiality and Intellectual
Property

All rights reserved. Unless otherwise specified, no part of this document may be reproduced or utilized in any
form or by any means, electronic or mechanical, including photocopying and microfilm, without permission in
writing from Trianz Assurance.

Policy on Confidentiality and Intellectual Property

Release ID: HR_Pol 0015

Ver.: 1.00

Information Classification
Confidential

☐

Business Confidential

☐

Business Proprietary

☐

Function Confidential

☒

Function Proprietary

☐

Client Confidential

☐

Client Proprietary

☐

Employee Confidential (Personal)

☐

Employee Sensitive

Public

☒

Trianz

Public (Clients, Suppliers and General Public)

Page 2 of 8

Policy on Confidentiality and Intellectual Property

Release ID: HR_Pol 0015

Ver.: 1.00

Table of Contents
1. Purpose and Interpretation ....................................................................................................... 4
2. Obligations of Confidence ......................................................................................................... 5
3. Intellectual Property .................................................................................................................. 5
4. Data Privacy Norms .................................................................................................................. 6
5. Indemnity .................................................................................................................................. 7
6. Continuing Obligations .............................................................................................................. 8

Trianz

Page 3 of 8

Policy on Confidentiality and Intellectual Property

Release ID: HR_Pol 0015

Ver.: 1.00

1. Purpose and Interpretation
1.1 This policy sets out the terms and conditions upon which the associate has
access to Confidential Information owned by Trianz or Trianz Clients. The
Associate also agrees that Trianz has ownership of all intellectual property
invented or created by the Associate during the tenure of employment at
Trianz.
1.2 The applicability of this agreement shall include all Trianz affiliates and
client sites.
1.3 The following words have these meanings in this Policy, unless the
contrary intention appears.
Confidential Information means the information which is made available
only to authorized persons, both within and outside the organization (for
example, a client or a third party service provider), distribution of which is
on a “Need to know” basis, and of which Trianz derives economic or
strategic value, from not being known to public or has a character such
that Trianz has a legitimate interest in preserving its confidentiality nature,
including but not limited to;
 Financial marketing, sales, merchandising, and technical Information;
 Ideas, concepts, and techniques;
 Artwork, sketches, drawings, reports, and models;
 Inventions, know-how, and processes;
 Technologies, apparatus, and equipment;
 Algorithms, software programs, software source documents and
formulae, whether relating to current, proposed or future
products/applications or services of Trianz;
 Research, experimental work; development, design details, and
specifications;
 Engineering, procurement requirements, purchasing manufacturing;
 Client lists;
 Business forecasts and marketing plans;
 Any information of a client of Trianz which may be made known to the
associates during their employment by Trianz and which would be
considered by the client to be of a confidential nature;
But excludes information that:
 Enters the public domain without any breach of this Policy, or
 Was known to the Associate prior to its initial disclosure for the
purposes of this Policy without the Associate is under any obligation to
maintain its confidentiality
Intellectual Property law includes all rights in relation to patents,
copyrights, registered designs, registered and unregistered trademarks,
trade secrets, know-hows, Confidential Information and all other
intellectual property as defined in article 2 of the of the convention,
establishing the World Intellectual Property Organization of July 1967,
including, without limitation, moral rights, and any right to register those
rights, whether created before or after the date of this Policy, whether
existing in India or in any other country, and in all cases for the duration of

Trianz

Page 4 of 8

Policy on Confidentiality and Intellectual Property

Release ID: HR_Pol 0015

Ver.: 1.00

those rights. Related corporation, meaning another corporate body that is
a related body or corporate, of Trianz pursuant to the Corporations Law.
1.4 In this Policy:
 A reference to this Policy includes any variation of it;
 A reference to a statute, ordinance, code or other law includes
regulations and other instruments under it and consolidations,
amendments, re-enactments or replacements of any of them;
Singular includes plural and vice versa; and the word person includes a
firm, a body corporate, an unincorporated association or an authority.
1.5 Headings are inserted for convenience and do not affect the interpretation
of this Policy.

2. Obligations of Confidence
2.1 The Associate agrees that all Confidential Information will remain the sole
property of Trianz.
2.2 The Associate agrees that as a condition of the Associate’s employment
with Trianz, the Associate
 Will hold all Confidential Information in the strictest confidence, and will
not, without prior written consent of Trianz disclose, give, divulge,
publish or reveal the Confidential Information or any part of it to any
person;
 Will do or take all steps and actions as may from time to time be
necessary to maintain the confidential nature of information and ensure
compliance with all the obligations as listed under this Policy.
 Will refrain from doing or taking any steps or actions, which may lead to
the breach of any of its obligations under this Policy
 Will not use or reproduce any of the Confidential Information for any
purpose other than the performance of the Associate’s duties with
Trianz.
2.3 The Associate undertakes to return all documents and other materials in
the possession of the Associate relating to or containing any Confidential
Information (whether or not such documents were created by Trianz) and
the Associate undertakes not to retain any copies or replicas of any such
documents or materials. Return of such documents and other materials
does not release the Associate from the obligations under this Policy.

3. Intellectual Property
3.1 The Associate assigns to trounce all existing and future intellectual
property rights to the Intellectual Property created or generated by the
Associate during his/her tenure of employment with Trianz.
3.2 The Associate shall abide as reasonably requested by Trianz to ensure
intellectual property rights are assigned to Trianz.
3.3 The Associate agrees that:
 Activities undertaken by the Associate in the course of carrying out his or
her duties as an associate of Trianz may result in the invention or creation
of Intellectual Property;
 Any inventions or creations that the Associate may invent or create in the
course of carrying out his or her duties as an Associate of Trianz or which
were invented or created using any of Trianz’s equipment, supplies,
Trianz

Page 5 of 8

Policy on Confidentiality and Intellectual Property









Release ID: HR_Pol 0015

Ver.: 1.00

facilities, or Confidential Information, will fully an freely and immediately be
communicated by him or her to trance and be Trianz’s absolute property:
and
except as is necessary to comply with any of the network’s requirements
under the following paragraph, the Associate will not at any time either
directly or indirectly, whether during the Policy or after its cessation apply
for the registration of Intellectual Property rights for any of those inventions
or creations;
The Associate will assign to Trianz or any related corporation nominated
by Trianz any Intellectual Property it may have in respect of the inventions
and creations; and
At any time, during the period of the Policy or after its cessation, at the
request of Trianz, execute all documents and do all acts and things,
including but not limited to appointing Trianz to act on behalf of the
Associate by a power of attorney, as Trianz may reasonably request, in
connection with the obtaining of Intellectual Property for the inventions or
creations and the vesting of them in Trianz or any related corporation for
its exclusive benefit, or in connection with any litigation or controversy
relating to the inventions and creations: and
If any Intellectual Property in respect of any of the inventions and creations
are at any time, whether during the Agreement or after its cessation
granted to it, immediately assign them to Trianz or to a related corporation.
The Associate agrees to grant Trianz a royalty free, irrevocable, worldwide
license in relation to any invention or creation in which the Associate
currently holds the Intellectual Property, and which the Associate has
knowingly incorporated or permitted to be incorporated into a creation or
invention in which Trianz has Intellectual Property pursuant to Clauses 3.1,
3.2, 3.3. Further, the Associate will not incorporate or permit to be
incorporated, such creations or inventions without the prior written
approval of Trianz.
The Associate warrants that he or she will not violate the Intellectual
Property or use Confidential Information of any third party in the course of
performing his or her duties.

4. Data Privacy Norms
The associate understands and acknowledges that the Company is obligated
to protect the data of itself, its clients and any other party, including various
individuals as may be required by the laws of various countries. During the
course of his/her employment with the Company and thereafter, he/she may
come into the possession of certain confidential information belonging to the
Company or its clients, partners, vendors, associates, contractors etc,
including but not limited to trade, customer/client lists, supplier lists and
prices, pricing schedules, methods, processes, or marketing plans, salary, or
other personal or sensitive information (“Confidential Information”). The
associates hereby agrees that they will at no time, during or after the term of
their employment with the Company, use Confidential Information for his/her
own benefit or the benefit of others, or disclose or divulge Confidential
Information to others.

Trianz

Page 6 of 8

Policy on Confidentiality and Intellectual Property

Release ID: HR_Pol 0015

Ver.: 1.00

The associate agrees to
(a) use Confidential Information in strict confidence;
(b) protect the security, integrity, and confidentiality of Confidential
Information;
(c) not permit unauthorized access to or unauthorized use, disclosure,
publication, or dissemination of Confidential Information except for the benefit
of the Company; and
(d) use Confidential Information in accordance with the data privacy rules and
regulations of various countries including India, USA, Canada, UK and
European Union.
The associate understands that this obligation is to not disclose confidential,
personal or sensitive information. The associate understands that all
employees of the Company would be obligated to comply with both local and
international laws where the Company is engaged in a business. Upon
termination of their employment, the associate will not retain any copies of
Confidential Information and will return to the Company all documents relating
to the Company’s business, including but not limited to: reports, manuals,
drawings, diagrams, blueprints, correspondence, client/customer lists,
computer programs and all copies of such materials obtained by me or that
came into my possession during my employment. Without prejudice to any
other rights that the Company may have, violation of this policy by the
associate will entitle the Company to seek an injunction to prevent the
associate from disclosure of any information provided hereby under this and
other provisions, and entitle the Company to other legal remedies, including
but not limited to attorneys’ fees and costs. The associate understand that
this Data Privacy Policy shall be binding upon all associates of the Company.
Any changes or updates can only be carried out by the Company’s
management and shall be intimated to all associates. The associate
understands that this policy will complement all other Non-Disclosure
Agreements, business service agreement, elaborated explicitly or implicitly
across all these documents that the associate has signed during his/her
employment with the Company and here by agree to comply with the
Company’s Information Security Policy, Acceptable Usage Policy, Data
Protection Policy, Privacy Procedure, Breach Notification Procedure and all
other confidentiality and data privacy requirements of the Company, its clients
and their end customers.

5. Indemnity
The Associate shall indemnify TRIANZ and keep TRIANZ indemnified against
all losses, costs, expenses, claims and liabilities whatsoever which TRIANZ
may suffer or incur in connection with the Associate’s breach of any of his/her
obligations under this Policy.

Trianz

Page 7 of 8

Policy on Confidentiality and Intellectual Property

Release ID: HR_Pol 0015

Ver.: 1.00

6. Continuing Obligations
The Associate’s obligations under this Policy are continuing obligations and
would survive termination of the Associate’s employment with Trianz
6.1
Governing Law
This policy shall be governed by the confidentiality, intellectual property and
data privacy laws of India, USA, GDPR and International Laws of all Trianz’s
clients and their end customer’s country specific Laws who is touched by
Trianz services and the Law of the land of the, country, state, county/town of
the Trianz office location of the Associate, who signs this agreement and the
jurisdiction limits will be Trianz office location of the Associate.
6.2
Miscellaneous
Waiver and variation a provision of a right created under this Policy may not
be
a) waived except in writing signed by the party granting the waiver; or
b) Varied except in writing signed by the parties, notices any notice, approval,
consent or other communication in connection with this Policy shall be in
writing and must be delivered personally or left at the address or the
addressee or sent by pre-paid ordinary post to the address or the address
indicated at the beginning of this Policy or such other address as the
addressee may from time to time notify to the other party for the purpose
of this clause. This Policy and the provisions herein shall be in addition to
any other Policy between the parties herein.

For Trianz Process Improvement Group (TPIG) Purpose Only
Document Control Information
Owner:

Management Representative

Release ID:

Effective Date:

September 24, 2018

Version:

HRP-POL0015
1.00

Version History
Ver. No.

Author

Date

1.00

Human
Capital
Team

24- SEP-2018

Trianz

Reviewer

Approver

Paul
Jacob,
Joshy VM

Sujit

Reason for
Change
Initial release

Change
Description
None

Page 8 of 8

