Policy on Code of Conduct and Ethics

w w w. t r i a n z . c o m
TRIANZ CONFIDENTIAL

Page 2 of 15

TRIANZ CONFIDENTIAL

Statement of Confidentiality
The information contained in this document is confidential to Trianz. It shall not be disclosed,
duplicated, or used for any purpose other than that stated herein, in whole or in part, without
the express written consent of Trianz.

Document Control
Owner:

Management
Representative

Effective 30-Dec-2020
Date

Release ID:

HR_Pol 0015

Version:

4.0

Information Classification
☐

Public

☒

Internal

☐

Confidential

☐

Restricted

The information contained in this document is confidential to Trianz. It shall not be disclosed,
duplicated, or used for any purpose other than that stated herein, in whole or in part, without
the express written consent of Trianz.

TRIANZ CONFIDENTIAL

Page 3 of 15

Table of Contents
GLOSSARY

4

1.1 A Note About Other Obligations ............................................................................................... 5

2.1 Compliance with Laws, Rules and Regulations ...................................................................... 6
2.2 Protection and Proper Use of the Company’s Assets ............................................................ 6
2.3 Conflicts of Interest ................................................................................................................. 6
2.4 Corporate Opportunities ......................................................................................................... 8
2.5 Confidentiality ......................................................................................................................... 8
2.6 Fair Dealing ............................................................................................................................ 8
2.7 Accuracy of Records .............................................................................................................. 8
2.8 Political Contributions ............................................................................................................. 9
2.9 Entertaining or Doing Business with the Governments; Anti-Bribery and Corruption ............ 9
2.10 Money Laundering or Illicit Financing ................................................................................ 10
2.11 Labor and Employment ..................................................................................................... 10
2.12 Quality of Public Disclosures ............................................................................................. 10
3.1 Communication of Code of Conduct ................................................................................... 11
3.2 Monitoring Compliance and Disciplinary Action .................................................................. 11
3.3 Reporting Concerns/Receiving Advice ................................................................................ 11
Communication Channels .......................................................................................................... 11

3.4 Reporting; Anonymity; Retaliation ....................................................................................... 12
3.5 Non Retaliation .................................................................................................................... 13
3.6 Waivers and Amendments .................................................................................................. 13

TRIANZ CONFIDENTIAL

Page 4 of 15

Glossary
Word/Abbreviation

TRIANZ CONFIDENTIAL

Description

Page 5 of 15

1. Purpose
Trianz Holdings. (together with its subsidiaries, the “Company”) has establishedthis Code of
Business Conduct and Ethics (subsequently called “code”) to aid the Company’s directors (“Board of
Director”), associates (“All employees on full/part
time or contract employees”) in making ethical and legal decisions when conducting the Company’s
business and performing their respective day- to-day duties. The code applies to all associates of the
company (including those of its subsidiaries), regardless of when such person was hired or became
associated with the Company.

The Company expects its directors & associates to exercise reasonable judgment when conducting
the company’s business. The company encourages its directors & associates to refer to this code
frequently to ensure that they are acting within both the letter and the spirit of this code. The
company also understands that this Code will not contain the answer to every situation you may
encounter or every concern you may have about conducting the company’s business ethically and
legally. In these situations, or if you otherwise have questions or concerns about this code, the
company encourages each associate to speak with his or her supervisor (if applicable) or with the
Human Capital Head under this Code. If you have any questions or concerns about this Code and
you are a director of the Company, you should speak with the CEO, or a committee thereof
responsible for administering and interpreting this Code.

2. Contents of this Code
This Code has two sections which follow this Introduction. The first section, “Standards of
Conduct,” contains the actual guidelines that our directors & associates are expected to
adhere to in the conduct of the company’s business. The second section, “Compliance
Procedures,” contains specific information about how this code functions including who
administers the code, who can provide guidance under the code, and how violations may be
reported, investigated and disciplined. This second section also contains a discussion about
waivers of and amendments to this code.

1.1 A Note About Other Obligations
The company’s directors & associates generally have other legal and contractual obligations
to the Company. This code is not intended to reduce or limit the other obligations that you may
have to the Company. In particular, each director and associate is subject to the Company’s
Policy on Insider Trading and Disclosure, and associates are subject to the Policies specified
in the Bluebook. Instead, the standards in this Code should be viewed as the minimumstandards
that the Company expects from its directors & associates in the conduct of its business.

2.

Standards of Conduct
2.1 Compliance with Laws, Rules and Regulations
The Company seeks to conduct its business in compliance with both the letter and the spirit of
applicable laws, rules and regulations. We expect all of our associates to have a sound
knowledge of the proper and improper courses of conduct both with regard to their own
activities and those with whom they must deal. We also expect associates to be familiar with
the material laws and regulations applicable to business activities in their territory. No director,
associate shall engage in any unlawful activity in conducting the Company’s business or in
performing his or her day-to-day company duties, nor shall any director & associate instruct
others to do so.
This Code and the compliance with this Code may be subject to the applicable local laws,
rules, and regulations of jurisdictions wherein the organization has operations in. Accordingly,
if there is a conflict between the requirements of the laws applicable in the country or
jurisdiction which may be relevant in the circumstances, the Company’s policy is that Company
TRIANZ CONFIDENTIAL

Page 6 of 15

personnel should consult with the Human Capital Head before taking any action that may be
unlawful under, or violate, any such laws.

2.2 Protection and Proper Use of the Company’s Assets
Loss, theft and misuse of the Company’s assets have a direct impact on the Company’s
business and its profitability. Directors, associates are expected to protect the Company’s
assets that are entrusted to them and to protect the Company’s assets in general. Directors,
associates are also expected to take steps to ensure that the Company’s assets are used only
for legitimate businesspurposes.

2.3 Conflicts of Interest
The Company recognizes and respects the right of its directors & associates to engage in
outside activities that they may deem proper and desirable, provided that these activities do not
impair or interfere with the performance of their duties to the Company or their ability to act in
the Company’s best interests. In most, if not all, cases this will mean that our directors &
associates must avoid situations that present a potential or actual conflict between their
personal interests and the company’s interests.
A “conflict of interest” occurs when a director’s & associate’s personal interest interferes with
the Company’s interests. Conflicts of interest may arise in many situations, including the
following:
• Outside Employment and Other Affiliations. A conflict of interest may arise if
an individual is simultaneously employed or engaged by the Company and
another business concern, particularly a Company customer or business
partner.

•

Activities with Competitors. A conflict of interest arises if an individual takes
part in any activity that enhances or supports a competitor’s
position,
including accepting
simultaneousemployment with a competitor.

•

Gifts. While entertaining customers in the ordinary course of business is not
prohibited, a conflict of interest may arise if an individual or any member of an
individual’s immediate family gives or accepts any gift with the intent to
improperly influence the normal business relationship between the Company
and its customers or other business partners, or gives or accepts any lavish
gifts from a competitor.

•

Investments in Other Businesses. A conflict of interest may arise if an
individual or any member of an individual’s immediate family holds a financial
interest in an outside business concern, particularly, a Company customer or
business partner. Many factors must be considered in determining whether a
conflict of interest exists in this situation, including the size and nature of the
investment; the ability to influence the Company’s decisions that could affect
the outside business concern; access to confidential information of the
Company or of the outside business concern; and the nature of the
relationship between the Company and theoutside business concern.

•

Conducting Business with Family Members. A conflict of interest may arise if
an individual conducts business on behalf of the Company with a business in
which a family member, including siblings, step-parents and step-children, of
such individual or such individual’s spouse, or person sharing the same
household with such individual, is associated in any significant role. The
Human Capital Head must be informed of all situations in which the
Company is conducting business with any member of an associate’s family
or person sharing the same household as the associate.

TRIANZ CONFIDENTIAL

Page 7 of 15

Each individual’s situation is different and in evaluating his or her own situation, a director or
associate will have to consider many factors. Each associate is responsible for promptly
reporting to the Human Capital Head any transaction or relationship that reasonably could be
expected to give rise to a conflict of interest. The Human Capital Head may notify the Board of
Directors or a committee thereof or take other action as he or she deems appropriate. Actual
or potential conflicts of interest involving a director should be disclosed directly to the President
and CEO or a committee thereof responsible for administeringthis Code.

2.4 Corporate Opportunities
Directors, associates owe a duty to the Company to advance its legitimate business interests
when the opportunity to do so arises. Each director and associate is prohibited from:
• Diverting to himself or herself or to others any opportunities that are
discovered through the use of the Company’s property or information or as
a result of his or her position with the Company unless such opportunity
has first been presented to,and rejected by, the Company,

•

Using the Company’s property or information or his or her position for
improper personal gain, or

•

Competing with the Company.

2.5 Confidentiality
Confidential information generated and gathered in the Company’s business plays a vital role
in its business, prospects and ability to compete. “Confidential information” includes all nonpublic information that might be of use to competitors or harmful to the Company or its
customers if disclosed. Directors, associates may not disclose or distribute the Company’s
confidential information, except when disclosure is authorized in writing by the Company or
required by applicable law, rule or regulation or pursuant to an applicable legal proceeding.
Directors, associates shall use confidential information solely for legitimate company
purposes. Directors, associates must return all of the Company’s confidential and/or
proprietary information in their possession to theCompany when they cease to be employed by
or to otherwise serve the Company.

2.6 Fair Dealing
Competing vigorously, yet lawfully, with competitors and establishing advantageous, but fair,
business relationships with customers and suppliers is a part of the foundation for long-term
success. However, unlawful and unethical conduct, which may lead to short-term gains, may
damage a company’s reputation and long-term business prospects. Accordingly, it is the
Company’s policy that directors & associates must endeavor to deal ethically and lawfully with
the Company’s customers, suppliers, competitors and associates in all business dealings on
the Company’s behalf. No director or associate should take unfair advantage of another person
in business dealings on the Company’s behalf through the abuse of privileged or confidential
information or through improper manipulation, concealment or misrepresentation of material
facts.

2.7 Accuracy of Records
The integrity, reliability and accuracy in all material respects of the Company’s books, records
and financial statements is fundamental to the Company’s continued and future business
success. No director or associate may cause the Company to enter into a transaction with the
intent to document or record it in a deceptive or unlawful manner. In addition, no director or
associate may create any false or artificial documentation or book entry for any transaction
entered into by the Company. Similarly, associates who have responsibility for accounting and
financial reporting matters have a responsibility to accurately record all funds, assets and
transactions on the Company’s books and records.
TRIANZ CONFIDENTIAL

Page 8 of 15

2.8 Political Contributions
Business contributions to political campaigns are strictly regulated by federal, state and local
law in the country of operation. Accordingly, all political contributions proposed to be made
with the Company’s funds must be coordinated through and approved by the Compliance
Officer. Directors, associates may not, without the approval of the Compliance Officer, use any
of the Company’s funds for political contributions of any kind to any political candidate or
holder of any national, state or local government office. Directors, associates may make
personal contributions, but should not represent that he or she is making any such contribution
on the Company’s behalf. Similar restrictions on political contributions may apply in other
countries. Specific questions should be directed to the Human Capital Head before any
contributions are made.

2.9 Entertaining or Doing Business with the Governments; Anti-Bribery and

Corruption
Giving anything of value to a government associate for the purpose of obtaining or retaining
business is strictly regulated and in many cases prohibited by law. The Company and its
directors & associates must also comply with federal, state and local laws in the country of
operation, as well as foreign government laws, governing the acceptance of business
courtesies. Directors, associates must refrain from giving anything of value to federal, state and
local government associates with whom the Company does business, except promotional items
oflittle intrinsic value and modest refreshments. In addition, directors & associatesshould consult
with the Human Capital Head before giving anything of more than nominal value to any
government associates of other countries.
The Company does not tolerate or endorse corruption in the marketplace. Associates must
ensure that payments made by or on behalf of the Company are made only for legitimate
business purposes. Under no circumstances is it acceptable to offer, give, solicit or receive
any form of bribe or kickback. The Company is committed to complying with the Foreign
Corrupt Practices Act, the OECD Convention on Combating Bribery of Public Officials in
International Business Transactions and the UK Bribery Act of 2010, and any other antibribery and corruption statute in each foreign country in which the Company does business.
Due to the complex laws in this area, you should also refer to the Company’s Foreign Corrupt
Practices Act Policy and Company Anti-Bribery and Corruption Policy and consult with the
Human Capital Head of the Company with any questions and/or concerns.

2.10 Money Laundering or Illicit Financing
Associates must actively guard against the use of the Company’s products andservices by third
parties for the purposes of money laundering or illicit financing activity, including terrorist
activity. Money laundering is the process by which the proceeds of criminal activity are moved
through the financial system in orderto hide all traces of their criminal origin. Money laundering
is an essential part of much criminal activity and has become the focus of considerable
attention by governments, international organizations and law enforcement agencies
throughout the world. By contrast, illicit financing activity, including activity by or for terrorist
groups, focuses on the destination and use of funds that may come from legitimate or criminal
sources, or a combination of the two.
The Company is committed to cooperating fully with law enforcement and regulatory
investigations concerning possible money laundering or illicit financing activity. You must
immediately contact the Company’s Human Capital Head if you are approached in any manner
by government agencies for records and information on customers, agents, or business
partners that may be under investigation. Strict rules specify time frames for complying with
such government inquiries or requests and for reporting certain activities that may bear upon
money laundering or terrorist activity. Therefore, your immediate action is vital in both
reporting requests and being responsive when given instructions by the Human Capital Head.

TRIANZ CONFIDENTIAL

Page 9 of 15

2.11 Labor and Employment
The Company adheres, and expects its associates to adhere, to all federal, state, and local
laws in the country of operation regarding labour and employment. These include but are not
limited to equal employment opportunity, harassment and discrimination, and safety and
health.

2.12 Quality of Public Disclosures
The Company is committed to providing its stockholders with complete and accurate
information about its financial condition and results of operations as required by the Law of the
Land. It is the Company’s policy that the reports and documents it files with or submits to the
Securities and Exchange Commission, and its earnings releases and similar public
communications made by the Company, include fair, timely and understandable disclosure.
Directors and associates who are responsible for these filings and disclosures, including the
Company’s principal executive, financial and accounting officers, must use reasonable
judgment and perform their responsibilities honestly, ethically and objectively in order to
ensure that this disclosure policy is fulfilled. The Company’s Disclosure Committee and senior
management are primarily responsible for monitoring the Company’s public disclosure.

3.

Compliance Procedures
3.1 Communication of Code of Conduct
All directors & associates will be supplied with a copy of the Code upon its adoption by the
Company. In addition, all directors & associates will be supplied and asked to confirm in writing
that they have read and understood, and will comply with, the Code at the beginning of their
service at the Company. Updates of the Code will be provided from time to time. A copy of the
Code is also available to all directors & associates by requesting one from the Human Capital
Head or Human Resources department,

3.2 Monitoring Compliance and Disciplinary Action
The Company’s management, under the supervision of its Board of Directors or a committee
thereof or, in the case of accounting, internal accounting controls or auditing matters, the Audit
Committee, shall take reasonable steps from time to time to make a preliminary assessment of
where the matter should be allocated and addressed and
(i) to monitor and test compliance with the Code with respect to matters under
its supervision as set forth above, and
(ii) When appropriate, impose and enforce appropriate disciplinary measures
for violations of the Code, after making a preliminary assessment of where
the matter should be properly allocated and addressed.
Disciplinary measures for violations of the Code may include, but are not limited to, counseling,
oral or written reprimands, warnings, probation or suspension with or without pay, demotions,
reductions in salary, termination of employmentor service and restitution.
The Company’s management shall periodically report to the Board of Directors or the
Corporate Governance Committee on these compliance efforts including, without limitation,
periodic reporting of alleged violations of the Code and the actions taken with respect to any
such violation.
The Company shall conduct periodic audits of the Company’s compliance programs and
compliance with the Code, including FCPA, Bribery Act ofrespective nations of operations and
anti-corruption compliance programs andprocesses of the Company.

3.3 Reporting Concerns/Receiving Advice

Communication Channels
Be Proactive. A copy of the Code will be maintained on the Company’s website at
www.trianz.com. Every associate is encouraged to act proactively by asking questions, seeking
guidance and reporting suspected violations of the Code and other policies and procedures of
TRIANZ CONFIDENTIAL

Page 10 of 15

the Company, as well as any violation or suspected violation of applicable law, rule or
regulation arising in the conduct of the Company’s business or occurring on the Company’s
property. If any associate believes that actions have taken place, may be taking place, or may
be about to take place that violate or would violate the Code, he or she is obligated to bring the
matter to the attention of the Human Capital Head.
Seeking Guidance. The best starting point for an associate seeking advice on ethics-related
issues or reporting potential violations of the Code will usually be his or her supervisor.
However, if the conduct in question involves his or her supervisor, if the associate has
reported the conduct in question to his or her supervisor and does not believe that he or she
has dealt with it properly, or if the associate does not feel that he or she can discuss the
matter with his or her supervisor, the associate may raise the matter with the Human Capital
Head.
Communication Alternatives. Any associate may communicate with Human
Capital Head by any of the following methods:

In writing
(which may be done anonymously as set forth below under “Reporting; Anonymity;
Retaliation”), addressed to the Human Capital Head, by RegisteredPost to c/o Trianz Holdings,
6th Floor, Kalyani Magnum Doraisani Palya, Bannerghatta Road, Bengaluru - 560076;
or By e-mail to
Human Capital Head
By Email: Grievanceredressal@trianz.com
Misuse of Reporting Channels. Associates must not use these reporting channels in bad faith
or in a false or frivolous manner. Furthermore, associates should not use the off-site voicemail
account to report grievances that do not involve the Code or other ethics-related issues.

3.4 Reporting; Anonymity; Retaliation
When reporting suspected violations of the Code, the Company prefers that associates
identify themselves to facilitate the Company’s ability to take appropriate steps to address the
report, including conducting any appropriate investigation. However, the Company also
recognizes that some people may feel more comfortable reporting a suspected violation
anonymously.
If an associate wishes to remain anonymous, he or she may do so, and the Company will use
reasonable efforts to protect the confidentiality of the reporting person subject to applicable
law, rule or regulation or to any applicable legal proceedings. In the event the report is made
anonymously, however, the Company may not have sufficient information to look into or
otherwise investigate or evaluate the allegations. Accordingly, persons who make reports
anonymously should provide as much detail as is reasonably necessary to permit the
Company to evaluate the matter(s) set forth in the anonymous report and, if appropriate,
commence and conduct an appropriate investigation.

TRIANZ CONFIDENTIAL

Page 11 of 15

3.5 Non Retaliation
The Company expressly forbids any retaliation against any associate who, acting in good faith,
reports suspected misconduct. Any person who participates in any such retaliation is subject to
disciplinary action, including termination.

3.6 Waivers and Amendments
No waiver of any provisions of the Code for the benefit of a director (which includes without
limitation, for purposes of this Code, the Company’s principal executive, financial and
accounting officers) shall be effective unless
• approved by the Board of Directors or, if permitted, the Audit Committee (or the
committee of the Board to whom the matter has been allocated or referred) ,
and
• if applicable, such waiver is promptly disclosed to the Company’s stockholders
in accordance with applicable securities laws and/or the rules and regulations of
the exchange or system on which the Company’s shares are traded or quoted,
as the case may be. Any waivers of the Code for other associates may be made
by the Human Capital Head, the Board of Directors or, if permitted, a committee
thereof.
• All amendments to the Code must be approved by the Board of Directors or a
committee thereof and, if applicable, must be promptlydisclosed to the Company’s
stockholders in accordance with applicable securities laws and/or the rules and
regulations of the exchange or system on which the Company’s shares are
traded orquoted, as the case may be.

TRIANZ CONFIDENTIAL

Page 12 of 15

For Trianz Process Improvement Group (TPIG) Purpose Only
Version History

Ver.
No.

Author

Reviewer

Approver

Date

Reason
for
Change

Change Description

1.00

Human
CapitalTeam

Paul Jacob, Joshy
VMPaul

Sujit

24-SEP2018

Initial
release

None

2.00

Human
CapitalTeam

Paul

Sujit

24-SEP2018

Company
Name
changed

INC changedto Holdings as the
Policyis India Specific

3.00

Rajesh Ramakrishna Sujit Sahoo
Human
CapitalTeam

29-Mar2021

Review

Formattedas per standard
format.

4.00

Human
CapitalTeam

24-Jun22

Annual
Review

None

TRIANZ CONFIDENTIAL

Raakesh
Ramakrishna

Rajesh
Ramakrishna

Page 13 of 15

Contact Information
Name
Email
Phone

THANK YOU
The content in this document is copyrighted; any unauthorized use – in part or full – may violate the copyright,
trademark, and other laws. This document may not be modified, reproduced or publicly displayed, performed or
distributed, or used for any public or commercial purposes. The Trianz name and its products are subject to
trademark and copyright protections, regardless of how and where referenced.

reach@trianz.com

TRIANZ CONFIDENTIAL

Page 15 of 15

